REVIEW 1: i had a similar serger befor. it works o. k. wish needle threading would be better, but that is just the way it is.

REVIEW 2: yes, i know that paying  or less for a brandnew serger is should have been a warning. but supposedly it is a  machine being sold cheaply by amazon. this machine is cheaply made, feels like a kids toy. it took me hours to get it to sew. it just would not chain. when i finally got it working it did a mediocre jopb with uneven stitches and gaps. i have had it for less than two months. i hate it. i sew nearly everyday. i am accomplished and experienced with sergers. the instruction book is as poorly written as the machine is cheap. the instructional dvd is incomplete. i found a video on youtube that explained how to thread it. the author was just as frustrated as the rest of us with the instructions. it will chain about  inches and then one or all of the threads break. i know that this machine is threaded correctly. i live in mexico and shipped it to my daughter and she brought it to me the last week of june. visiting a dealer or sending it back is not an option. i have used it successfully only twice. most of the time i am screaming and crying in rage. it is a piece of garbage and brother should be ashamed. do not be duped by the brother name, they obviously have no shame.

REVIEW 3: i am going to purchase this serger for my wife for valentines day. i bought her a brother sewing machine for christmas. now she is saying how much better and easier it would be to have a serger. in reading the reviews it is stated by some that they received a euro plug and not a regular plug v for united states. is this a fluke or is this what they send thank you for any response. comthanks again, mike

REVIEW 4: the serger arrived on time. i was a bit intimidated by it, having never used one before but i listened to the dvds and took notes specific to serging sheer material. i changed the threads and dials as suggested and started serging with no problems. the dress is almost done. i only wish it could do coverstitch.

REVIEW 5: i received this serger as a gift for christmas, after much research. i have wanted a serger for years. intimidated by the machine, i watched the dvds, read the manuals, and scoured the internet on serging before i even got it out of the box. i bought all new thread, cut a pattern to test the machine, and finally took it out to give it a first try. and...broken. the hand wheel would not even turn. i could not do a thing with it. i called brother, and they referred me to an authorized repair shop the closest was  minutes away. i called the repair shop, and of course it is not an easy fix, and they told me they would have it for as long as three weeks. thankfully, this gift was purchased on amazon, and they swiftly offered to send me a replacement machine and return label for the broken machine. hopefully ill have better luck with the next machine. what a disappointment to have my only christmas gift arrive completely nonfunctional.

REVIEW 6: well this review is not regarding the function of this product as i purchased this for a x mas gift for my wife. i got the thing extremely fast. no complaints. very amazed at how fast actually. seems like it shipped from across the street or something. now my complaint when i ordered it asked if it was a gift and i specified it was. it asked if i wanted to submit a gift message. i did that also. so now today the thing is setting on my kitchen table when i wake up. my wife found the box outside on my steps and brought it in the house and set it on the table. so the way it shippedusually when you get an item and you would think when it ships as a gift,it ships in a box which does not clearly specify what is in it. well this came in no special brown shipping box or package . it shipped in a brother serger box with a big old photo of the serger right on the box along with detailed description of what is in it. so much for the suprise factor or the so calledship as a gift option

REVIEW 7: i am satisfied to far, but feel a review is immature at this time. that being said, i was truly pleased with the great care in packaging. timely shipment was excellent.

REVIEW 8: like most other reviewers, i did my research before buying this serger. i knew what it does and does not do, and how well it performed for others. when i got it home, it worked beautifully its not too difficult to thread though it takes a few minutes, just follow the diagrams, and it sews well. the dvd that came with it was helpful, but the manual is my reference for daily use. if you are on a budget, but want a serger, i recommend this one

REVIEW 9: hi well i love the overlocker. everythining is great about it execpt i wish it would of stated better that is did not come with the cone thread, other than that i love it. it has so many settings and i find it easy to use.

REVIEW 10: researched sergers for a long time, thie one won out. easy to use and came already threaded to help in learning to thread the machine. love it

REVIEW 11: easy to thread,easy to oil,easy to clean with professional results. very impressed for the pricereceived delivery quite promptly. would highly recommend it.

REVIEW 12: i have had a singer serger berfore....and hated it. i needed to buy a new one but i was dreading it. after reading all the reviews on thebrother, this was the one. it is easy to thread...really. the first few times can be trying, but once i got it, it sews great. i like having the option of  thread or  thread, better on thread and looks are different. the books are easy to read, and the cd that comes with it fills in the extra info needed. i am happy with it. already have been able to repair many clothes that have been needing alterations. in the long run i feel it can save me money, and my clothes will fit better....what more could a girl ask for .....lol

REVIEW 13: i loved this serger. still learning, but very impressed that it worked so well.

REVIEW 14: i have used the serger several times now and i love it. it worked great the first time, right out of the box. i especially liked the way it came with  colors of thread preloaded, so that i could see and understand the threading paths. also, since it was prethreaded and ready to go, i could try the machine out almost immediately. i was not faced with threading it from an illustration before using the first time. the quality and design of this machine is excellent. it is designed to make even an inexperienced user capable of taking on sewing projects they could not have done without it.

REVIEW 15: this is my first serger. i have played with somewhat and love all i have done so far. it is easy to thread and the computer video helps with the directions for some of the many things it can do. i am still learning, but love it so far.

REVIEW 16: i love this serger i make diapers for my kids and mainly use my serger to serge the soakers together and to serge fitted diapers. it has been a workhorse. i have had my serger for  years and have used it fairly heavily. the soakers i serge average  layers thick and for the most part this serger is able to cut through them easily, depending on what fabric i use. on the rare occasion that i have used it for babytoddler clothes i have wished that the removable arm area was smaller, because it seems like the neckline has to be stretched out quite a bit in order to serge it. overall i love my machine and would not hesitate to buy another if i needed to.

REVIEW 17: i love my new serger there are so many features that this one has that i never dreamed i would be able to get on the money i had budgeted to spend on a serger. i had to thread it, and i did it i also like the fact you can use regular sewing machine needles with this model, plus it came with lots of extras. the cds are very helpful in learning all the things you can do.

REVIEW 18: i was really overwhelmed by this when it first arrived. i thought id never figure it out, and the video tutorials were small and dark. so, i set my husband after it to figure it out, because hes the brains in the family. well, he cursed at it for an entire evening, so i was feeling very defeated. the next day i decided to take another stab at it, and read through the threading instructions in the book..and honestly i have no idea what he was doing differently or why, because it was not difficult at all and i got it first try. now i have had it for a week or so, and i have had time to mess around with it and i must say that its really not difficult, and the videos do help bunches. i love it, and i am very happy i bought it

REVIEW 19: this is a wonderful serger much easier to use than it looks. very helpful cds. just love it use this along with a straight stitch sewing machine and you can make anything and your work looks so professional. i was amazed at what this little machine can do. would highly recommend this serger to even the beginner stitcher, its that easy to use. the price is very reasonable

REVIEW 20: best home serger for the price. very easy to thread all needles and both loopers. easy instructions. would recommend to anyone, looking for a home serger.

REVIEW 21: i love this serger. i am actually a graduating fashion design student in chicago and i bought this machine a few months ago. i have used industrial sergers before and was concerned when buying a serger that this would be too complicated to thread, but its not complicated at all. it has a bunch of cool features that i have not figured out yet like gentle gathering, baby marrow hems since i do just regular serging. its really a great machine and wellworth the money i spent on it.

REVIEW 22: for the money, its awesome and has great features, like the gathering foot. so easy to thread. it was a little intimadating when i took it out of the box, but this is my first serger. i would buy this one again.

REVIEW 23: this is a very nice serger, especially for the price. this is my first serger and it is a great starter machine. i was able to thread it using only the book and the pictures on the serger, very simple. nice machine. revision i bought this machine in  and now its  and i still am using this machine. i have put many, many hours on it and it still works great. i thought this would be my starter machine until i wore it out but it is still running strong. no service has been needed thus far. great machine

REVIEW 24: i was skeptical because it was so cheap compared to other sergers. but, so far i just love this machine. its worked wonderfully.

REVIEW 25: after  years of sewing on a regular machine both viking  brother, i finally took the plunge and bought my first serger machine. i chose this one after reading all of the reviews and was not disappointed. after getting over the serger fearfactor by reading the manual and the complete serger handbook by chris james also very good, i was easily able to thread the machine and complete my first project with no issues. the book really helped with photos  such, especially when learning about adjusting thread tension in all  threads, etc. brother hits another homer i also have two printers and a regular sewing machine from brother and all are spectacular, easy to use workhorses. i highly recommend this machine to anyone looking for their first serger

REVIEW 26: my old serger bit the dust after over  years of service, so it was time for a replacement. i decided to get a brother this time, because the favorite of my four sewing machines is a brother. its easy to use and very dependable, which is what i wanted in a new serger. i read reviews on multiple websites, and they were consistently good ones. the price was affordable as well. i ordered the machine on saturday night, and it arrived the following wednesday morning. i took it right out of the box and set it up. much to my surprise, i had it threaded and was sewing within a couple of minutes i could not believe how easy it was to thread i definitely could not say that about my old one one of the most daunting things about using a serger is threading it and adjusting the tension. neither is a problem with this machine. its wonderfully easy to use and produces quality work. whether you are considering the purchase of your first serger or have been sewing for many years, you cannot go wrong with this one. i mostly sew purses, curtains and clothes, and there is just no way i could produce quality items for myself or others without a serger. if you have never had one, do not be afraid of this one you will not believe whatall you can do with it to make your sewing projects more fun and professionallooking. whether you sell your work, give it away, or keep it for yourself, you want it to look good and hold up for use. this serger will be a joy for you to use, so go ahead and treat yourself

REVIEW 27: i purchased this serger after lusting for one for several monthsand i am so glad i made this purchase. i ordered a brother sewing machine about a year ago and have been yearning for the ease of finished edges for the last six months. i was concerned about serging because of  the cost and  the learning curve. the cost of this machine is greatit was just slightly more than my sewing machine. i was a bit nervous about its affordability, especially on seeing expensive sergers that thread automatically. now i am glad i saved the money and got this model. the ease of use and threading i dreaded this is fantastic. in just twenty minutes i had threaded the machine it comes threaded but one came undone in shipping, cut fabric and finished a changing pad for my daughter and hope to complete cloth napkins sooni love the rolled hem feature. this machine is perfect for mea new but avid sewer who wants an affordable serger. i have had this machine for about a week and could not be happier with my purchase. i am already watching my fabric stash turn into new projects and cannot wait to master more of this machines many features. ill add that i live overseas so my family does alot of shopping on amazon and i think this is one of very few reviews i have writtenim just that smitten.

REVIEW 28: if you have never used a serger before, do not be afraid. this brother d serger is, if anything, easier to use than my sewing machineit is fully threaded albeit with small spools of lowquality thread right out of the box, so you can plugnplay right away. it comes with very nice instructions as well as an instructional disc and all the accessories to do almost any project. it is compact  about half as wide as my singer brilliance sewing machine and around the same depth  so they fit neatly together on my sewing table. i can sew, then serge, then sew again without moving everything around. it is easy to thread, despite my initial fears. as i noted, i began serging right away, so i was able to put off learning to thread the machine for a while. when the dreaded time came, though, i found the instructions and thread guides made the task quite straightforward, if still more complex and fiddly than a sewing machine. in a few days with this machine, i have already moved from straight lines to curves and corners. the machine moves smoothly and quickly, making large projects much easier. this is, overall, the perfect serger for anyone who wants to start serging with no experience and get things done right away. i have no complaints so far about my brother d serger.

REVIEW 29: i have sewn for over  years but only just bought myself a serger to make dance costumes for my daughter. i have been making her costumes for the last  years and i cannot tell you how much easier and faster it goes now with my serger. it is wonderful, my biggest challenge is that i only have one sewing table and now i have two machines that i have to change out every now and then, although  of the work is now being done on my serger.

REVIEW 30: this is my third serger  wore  completely out and never really liked   so i am no stranger to the complicated little machines. this one is the simplest, the most powerful and has the most even stitches ever they have solved complicated threading issues, making it a breeze to change threads. the stitch finger removes without tools to set the machine for a rolled hem, and the two instructional cds are very nice to have handy for trying new things. this little serger cost  of what i paid for my last one and is much, much better

REVIEW 31: this serger is perfect. if you are having any trouble, you may be threading it incorrectly. search youtube for the video some kind sole posted showing how to thread it properly  much better than the video that comes with the serger. then serge away

REVIEW 32: i have used my sewing machine for  years kenmore on everything from quilting to bag making to clothes to costumes. i am wondering why i never bought a serger sooner its amazing just in the past  years, i have started sewing clothes and using an overlock stitch to finish garments what was i thinking this serger blows all that work out of the water. it sews beautifully i watched the demo cd but found that the directions in the guide and on the machine itself were actually very well written and executed. i have had no training in usingthreading a serger before and i had mine going with in  minutes. i have also changed all  spools with relatively no problem from white to black. the machine is smooth, compact and relatively quiet. i cannot believe it was less than ....

REVIEW 33: as a selftaught sewer, i have always been very intimidated by sergers. people love to share their horror stories and i was convinced id be in over my head if i owned one. however, my best friend has this same model, and she does nothing but rave about it my fianceacute bought me my own for christmas, and now i cannot believe i waited so long to use a serger. this serger arrived already threaded, with a piece of test fabric to demonstrate that the threads were chaining together properly. i promptly unthreaded the machine, and taught myself to thread it from start to finish. this is the heart of understanding your serger  once you can thread it, you are nearly there. i read the manual carefully i downloaded the pdf version from brothers site so i could zoom in on the images until i was fairly clear on the thread tension and the feeding system. then i found some scrap fabric, plugged it in, turned it on, and tried it out. it serged perfectlyi experimented with the tension settings a bit, to see what the fabric would look like if the tension was too loose or too tight. i really recommend this experiment to firsttimers, because its invaluable for troubleshooting down the road. this serger is a bit on the loud side however, my friends grandmothers , serger is not really any more quiet, so i do not see this as a negative. its an intricate, heavy duty piece of machinery, after all. i do wish brother had been more careful and had labeled the extra feet that came with the serger, and had included a macfriendly dvd or obvious instructions on where to find the videos online. that said, this little serger is an excellent gateway into more professional sewing, and for the pricepoint, i urge you to give it a try

REVIEW 34: i highly recommend you to buy this if you are looking for a very reasonable priced serger. it sews beautifully, threading is very simple, no other serger can be compared with this one in the relation priceperformance. you actually receive more than what you pay.

REVIEW 35: i used it, it worked just fine. learning to thread it might be intimidating at first, but if you comit on sitting on it it can happen and it is a lot simpler that you would thinki had an issue, though, a slight imperfection, for what amazon immeditely agreed on replacing it. the lower looper thread kept breaking, and as i know i was doing the threading the right way, i asked for a solution. they offered the replacement, just to make sure i am a happy customer.

REVIEW 36: i have sewn for years on a regular machine, but have always been hesitant to buy a serger because of the cost, and because i have seen how hard they are to thread correctly. however, this one caught my attention because the reviews said it was easy to use,  because of the low price, i was willing to take a chance. the reviews are accurate. it comes already threaded, so you can start sewing right away. after i read the instruction book and watched the handy cds, i was able to make two pairs of pants immediately, and was able to thread the machine correctly on my first try, with only a bit of puzzling about the loopers. its really quite simple and fast, a pleasant surprise. the accessory bag did not have a screwdriver, but the instruction book said that it was included. i would recommend this for anyone learning how to serge.

REVIEW 37: if it were not for the amazing reviews, i would have guessed that this would be a cheap machine based on price. but that is absolutely not the case it threads like a dream and works just as well if not better as other, more expensive, sergers i have used. this is my first serger i have owned and as long as it holds up ill have it for years and years to come. thanks brother and amazon

REVIEW 38: i have never used a serger before,  was kind of worried about liking to use one but i read about several different models,  this one sounded the best. i started using it right after i got it,  i love it. i have threaded it  that was not to hard even the first time. my friend came over  tried it out,  she says she wants to order one to. i would recommend the brother serger to anyone.

REVIEW 39: iwas recommended this machine by a few of my friends who have one. they were right. its very user friendly. easy to thread, good instructions, serges very well on a variety of different fabric and fabric thickness

REVIEW 40: i sew an immense amount of products using fabrics that ravel tremendously. a serger is absolutely necessary for this type of sewing from my point of view. i had one before that i fought for years. it was extremely difficult to thread and was constantly breaking its threads. this one has yet to break its threads. the instructions were not too clear as to how to thread it but once i realized how it was done it is a piece of cake. an added plus is the fact you can use ordinary spools of thread. if you want the most elaborate serger made this probably is not for you but if you want a totally functional, workhorse that will serve you well at a reasonable price this is a perfect one for you. i have a brother sewing machine and it is the best one i have ever owned and i have had many. i ordered this serger hoping it would be as good and it is.

REVIEW 41: this product came promptly  was packaged securely. i absolutely love my serger, it is very easy to thread  does a beautiful job. for anyone wanting a serger without breaking the bank, this is a very good sewing machine.

REVIEW 42: i do not serge very much and wanted a serger that worked well but did not cost too much. i found it, it is very easy to thread comes color coded so you do not mess up. love it

REVIEW 43: having gone through about  singer sergers from joanns....i read all the great review on this one, and took a chance and ordered from amazon. recieved the next day, machine works super great. runs quietly, a little easier to thread.....just works really well. the singers were loud and broke often, also were hard to thread. love this machine

REVIEW 44: i had bought another serger, in which it was much more expensive and did not have some of the feature that brother d has, what a machine, its great i like threading the looper, which normally its difficult,easy to set, and light weight, and best is that amazon delivered this machine in two days, could not believe it, and the price was great, plus no shipping charges,i recomend this serger to any one who enjoys sewing, and thanks to amazon for so a great value.

REVIEW 45: i got this brother serger, since i love all the brother sewing machines. they work great, easy and affordable. suggest it to everyone who needs a good workhorse.

REVIEW 46: i really love this serger, it is so easy to thread, i was really worried about it being complicated to use, but its so easy. it comes with two very helpful videos. having a serger just makes my sewing projects so much nicer. i highly recomend this one.

REVIEW 47: this machine has a good feel to it, right out of the box. i have just been playing around with it a bit, and it seems to respond nicely to all my adjustments and trials of stitches, fabrics and whatnot. easy to understand, and the threading is not a big deal. just take your time and do it over and over til you understand how it works. great price on a good machine. very pleased i have got lots of projects lined up for it. also, thanks to amazon for very speedy service. i ordered on saturday with free shipping and got it today it was very wellpacked. update made my first outfit today, skirt and blouse. what a pleasure using the brother serger the garments came together so quickly, and so nicely. i groaned when i had to go use the sewing machine....too darn slow..and no trimming, ha anyway, this is making it so much fum for me as i get back into sewing after a longish hiatus. do not hesitate to get one, it really is worth every penny in time saved and garment finish quality. also, found this really good youtube on threading this brother serger. much more clear than the cd that came with the package....

REVIEW 48: this is a good basic serger for its price. easy to use when you get used to it. but since this is my first serger, i relied totally on the instruction on how to use it. the instruction cd did not help at all because it lacks close up shots. the instruction manual helps but could be better on the threading.

REVIEW 49: so far i have made a skirt and a top and now i am making another skirt. i have tied on new thread and re threaded the machine from scratch. i have adjusted the tension for various materials, two and three needles. no thread breakage. i am soooooooo pleased. this is not my first serger and i have no complaints. it does the job and i did not spend a lot of money. i love getting value for my hard eared dollars and i am glad that this is so easy to get up and running.

REVIEW 50: what a great price for a great little machine. easy to follow video and not to much of a learning curve. fast and easy setup for a beginner like me. delivery was fast,  days earlier than expected, and well packaged.

REVIEW 51: do not know why i waited so long to buy. this is a must have for seamstress it simplifies sewing, by triming seams and overlocking seams, the time that this machine saves will pay for itself. the easest searger to thread also.

REVIEW 52: i had read the reviews and was concerned about the threading, but it is easy to do just be patient. would defenently recommend.

REVIEW 53: i got this one for my mother in law and she loved it. its a nice affordable machine that gets the job done. it brings a lot of gadgets for sewing and it gives a professional finish to every piece. now, when pants are too long my mother in law fixes them with this machine and the pants look identical to the original sewing.

REVIEW 54: i am so pleased with the quality of this machine, i recieved it within  days and used it immediately. the threading is super easy and the stitch adjustments are easy to change for different fabrics. i would highly recommend this machine and amazon to others.

REVIEW 55: ill admit i have not explored all that the can do, but i am very pleased with the results so far. i have only been finishing edges with it. ill also admit that its going to take a while to get used to threading.

REVIEW 56: this is the first serger i have owned. i have been sewing for many years and finally decided to get a serger. i was concerned that it would be difficult to use, but have had no problems. due to the fact that it was already threaded i could try it out immediately. the tension was set correctly and i used it with no problems. i still have lots of learning to do, but think i will enjoy this machine for a long time.

REVIEW 57: the serger is is what i needed. however, it does not do rolled hems like it claims. not real ones at least. instead, it puts way too many uneven stiches over the raw edge. evrything else is great, so i do reccomend it. but just know not to get your hopes up on the rolled hem feature.

REVIEW 58: this is my first experience with a serger. after years of sewing without one, i finally decided to make seam finishing easier. with that in mind, this machine is great. so far it does everything a home sewer needs at a bargain price. i give it a  rather than  stars because my experience is so limited and i have used it for only a few months. could reliability come up as an issue laterthreading is somewhat intimidating at first, but keeping the book handy helps. after practicing a few times and adjusting the tensions for various test fabrics my confidence grew. brother has designed this machine well with color coded prompts. it zooms along beautifully  what fun. now i am really glad i tried something new.

REVIEW 59: with  years experience with sergers, i could not get this one to serge. have since learned from serviceman that this model gets out of adjustment, which would equate to increased cost for the maintenance required. this offsite seller has not responded to inquiry for refund and return. unhappy experience.

REVIEW 60: this is exactly what i have wanted for yearsthe ease of use makes this item a pleasure to work with, the instructions are clearly written and easy to follow plus the dvds answers any operating questions. i love it

REVIEW 61: i used the serger once when i went to use it again....the presser foot lever broke. by this time, the product was out of warranty with amazon, so i was forced to call brother for assistance. when i called, the customer service rep was very nice. she took my information then told me that the product had to be returned to a brother authorized service center, which just so happened to be an hour and a half away. parts are covered under warranty, but labor would not be. i proceeded to find out if i could just order the part to avoid the approximately  hours of driving dropping off and picking up and was not able to do so as it is a service only part. so, i have a  serger that has been used once that i must spend more money on if i ever want to use it again because of the poor quality of the product. will i buy another brother product again.....ummm probably not.

REVIEW 62: i do a lot of homesewing, mostly apparel. after years of telling myself a zigzag stitch over the end is enough to properly finish a garment i broke down and bought this serger. upon arrival i instantly regretted...that i had not done this a long time ago. little knife trims off to give a clean seam but can lower the knife so not used too. machine came prethreaded and just snipped off and tied on my new colors with no issues. instructions are very clear, so if need to thread manually i feel confidant i can. i even went back to a few garments id recently finished and redid a hem and some lining stitches. it was just the amount of money i wanted to spend, i was leery of anything cheaper, and anything more expensive just did not seem necessary for my needs. i think we will have a long and happy life together. if i had to give one fault, it is that the pedal is not as sensitive as i would have guessed would come with it. you really need to floor it to get started, but once cruising, very receptive to speed changed and stops when told. but once you learn and expect the pedal to be sticky, its not a big deal.

REVIEW 63: i feel like i was stalking this machine for a long time. it got great reviews online, but i did see some people say not to buy a brother period. i think those people have the money to buy the professional ones. i saw this machine priced as high as  i was shocked to see it at amazon for almost  cheaper. it is a great machine. i watched the dvd and looked through the book. took me no time to thread it. i am just an average person it is easier to tie the new thread onto the existing one and pull through, but i had to try it the hard way first. i whipped up some placemats in less than  hour. if your just a domestic goddess like myself and looking for a serger this is my first one i would get this one. it is a good buy and a nice lil machine. i am very happy.

REVIEW 64: i was hesitant to buy a serger  not knowing if i would use it enough. i was also kind of intimidated by the threading process that goes into these machines. my concerns have been put to rest. after years of doing french seams or finishing edges with zigzag stitches, i was delighted by the professional results this serger provides in short order. it was easy to set up and use the first time. the manuals are clear and easy to understand, and the accompanying dvds helped to clear up any questions i had. even when one of the sample spools of thread ran out i was not paying attention, i was having too much fun and i had to rethread the entire machine it took less than  minutes  and that includes rewatching a part of one of the dvds. while a serger cannot do everything a standard sewing machine can, if you are serious about your sewing, this machine is a great addition to your sewing arsenal.

REVIEW 65: i love my brother d i was so worried about having to thread it. it was not difficult at all. it came with an instruction manual, and dvds to help with everything. i was so surprised how easy it all made it. i highly recommend this serger for beginners. id never even touched a serger, and i figured it out. lol it comes with two dvds, one with ideas on different stitches you can do with your new serger. its awesome

REVIEW 66: received this yesterday and wife already is pleased with this product. we also have a  thread serger and she was never happy with it. just too complicated and additional tweaks needed to be done on numerous ocasions. opened the box, looked at the dvd and went to work. excellent dvd. walmart had this product on their shelves and then it was gone. typical big box store, had it today, gone tomorrow. not going to carry anymore. this unit had the best reviews of any of the sergers in this line. amazon was great, with price a few dollars less and free shipping. had to wait about a week, but now that we have it, very pleased. thanks amazon

REVIEW 67: this serger was purchased as a christmas gift in december of . by august, it need repairs that were not covered under the wonderful warranty. when i took it to a reputable repair shop, i was told that it would be  to repair it. he explained how the machine is made so cheaply that it will have something else go wrong with it again. the machine does not handle any fabric thicker than  layers of cotton. good luck making garments or anything with any type of bulk. when i spoke with the brother customer service, worthless by the way, i was told i was out of luck. the nearest certified repair shop is over two hours away and the timing was not covered under the  year warranty. be sure to read the fine print.

REVIEW 68: great serger for a great price. just like what most of the reviews on this machine,,, wonderful. i was very cautious, because of all the threading combinations. but, brother did something that was so useful in having the machine prethreaded and ready to go. it took all the scariness away. the videos were very helpful, the book was also helpful. i was up and running in minutes. i have had the machine for three weeks now. i completely rethreaded several times with different colored threads, no problems. just serging away... having fun.

REVIEW 69: i was amazed at how nice this machine is. heavier then my sewing machine and has a  year limited warranty which says a lot for the quality the manufacturer instilled in the serger. i watched a youtube video and the dvd that came with the serger, the youtube videos were more helpful. tying the old thread to the new thread helped me to learn to thread the machine. i did it wrong a couple of times but it was not hard to figure out. as soon as i threaded it i successfully used it on projects that were waiting for the serge stitch. i could not be happier with this purchase

REVIEW 70: this is a wonderful serger for a beginner and beyond. i know many extremely talented people who have been sewing for many years and who have owned this and other much higher end sergers that told me about this serger and urged me to buy it. i would never buy something this cheap and expect it to hold up for more than a few months without the countless positive reviews i received before buying this. i have owned this for a month so far and used it about a dozen times. i have done a rolled hem and sewn knits and wovens. i have tried the  and  stitch. everything i have done on it has turned out perfectly. there is definitely a learning curve if you are not used to a serger. sergers are much faster than sewing machines. this serger is no louder than any other i have heard. it has suction cups on the bottom which keep it stable and do not let it walk off the table while serging. it comes with  manuals and  dvd to show you how to operate and thread it, and also all the extra features that it does. the dvds are also on youtube for easy reference. i have heard about the horrors of threading sergers and was very nervous about it when i got it. i have rethreaded this machine quite a few times while changing threads and it is extremely easy. it has an easy to follow threading guide on the inside of the cover which is foolproof. for the first time, the dvd and the manuals show clearly how to do it. this is the only serger in this price range that i would consider trying. there are other, more expensive sergers that i have heard great reviews on and that have extra features. however, this one has everything you actually need from a serger and anyone wanting to try a serger will be more than happy with this one. fyi  the serger came with a quickorder sheet to order new blades. the price on the sheet is significantly lower than any blades i was able to find online i do not need new ones yet, i just wanted to know how much they were.

REVIEW 71: the brother d  layin thread serger is a great serger for any seamstress. it was a little challenging to thread the first time around because its my first serger. once i got through the initial fear after opening the front panel it was not as hard to thread as i would had imagined. the instruction manual is written in detail and easy to understand. it works like a charm, and so far, with no issues at all. i love it

REVIEW 72: i have been using my d serger for several years now. for sewing stretch knits, its indispensable. i spent a few months trying to get my ordinary sewing machine to do something reasonable with spandexfrom using washaway stabilizers to twin needlesand it was an exercise in frustration missed stitches, inconsistently gathered seams, and tight seams whose thread broke on use. i finally ponied up for the d, and i have not looked back. i mean, i still use the conventional machine for lots of things, of course, but not seaming spandex it produces gorgeous, stretchy, durable seams, and fast its also handy for making quick seams in wovens, but that is just icing for spandex, there is really no other sane way to get the job done. for hems, you can use either a conventional machines zigzag where skipped stitches are still a challenge for some fabrics, use the d to make a blind hem, or if you can tolerate the idea of yet another machine get a coverhem machine  i eventually ended up with a janome cp. but if you had to choose one tool for working with stretch knits, it would be a serger, and i heartily endorse my d.

REVIEW 73: like some, i bought this serger based on many positive reviews. having never used one before i had no idea what to expect. i approached the machine with timidity afraid that i would mess it up or that i had just wasted money on something i would not be able to use. you have to understand that i was a shhhh singeruser for a number of years, and although my dh says its statistically impossible, i say that i tore out more stitches than i sewed in if anyone is looking for a machine with a selfminded tension, i have one. cheap. all of those latent fears came back when, not one, but four thread tensions stared back at me. i put the machine in a chair in a corner of my sewing room with a blanket tossed over it. just to keep it safe. however, several weeks later, i was forced into using it when a designerfriend asked me to help her out with some draperies for a client that were overdue. i took a deep breath, peeked under the blanket darn, still there and got out my box of scrap material. i decided it was now or never. i had to run through the video a few times and read and reread the booklet. by the way, if you have misplaced your dvd, joannaglass has put the series on youtube. by trial and error i got the machine threaded right i began serging my scraps. then i looked for more scraps. lol. i became a believer, hallelujahi was a serging maniac. i did such a good job on the draperies, my friend offered me a seamstress job. i will not say that that was due to the serger because i have been sewing for a few years, but my confidence is built up. so, ladies and gentlemen, dust off those shiny new machines dig it out of the closet, first and allow yourself to learn an awesome technique that you will be proud of. p.s. for those of you still reading my short story i unthreaded the machine, once i got it right, and rethreaded, several times. the directions make so much sense. i got it now my therapist can take the week off....just one more thing...will consider delivering one free singer, with selfadjusting tension, to anywhere in the world.

REVIEW 74: i have been sewing for quite awhile now. i thought i needed very expensive machines when i first started out. i bought a top of the line babylock in  and it died this year . it had been having problems and when i took it to the repair shop they would clean it up and say there was not anything wrong with it. all for  each time. i figured, by now, there is got to be something out there that is cheaper and would at least finish off my seams quickly, making my projects so much easier. i did some research and found that for what i needed the brother d was an excellent choice. my first sewing machine was a brother and its still going strong. i am pleasantly surprised at how much this machine can do. i am sure at some point ill experiment with all the features, but at this point i am very happy with what it can do. i do not think its all that noisy. compared to my babylock they are about the same. the thread catcher is way too small. i attached my old one to the machine, but that caused it to vibrate really bad. so after i am done with a seam, i just swipe it into the trash can. the threading is easy once you get the hang of it. its easier than my babylock. when i received the machine it was threaded, but the lower looper was messed up probably in shipping so i had to fix it. it probably took me about  minutes. just follow the instructions pictures are very helpful and there should not be a problem. i guess this is one time that you are getting more by paying less.

REVIEW 75: this serger works better than  singer commercial grade machines we bought for double  triple the price. within minutes right out of the box, we were able to use it with ease. best price on amazon, even more so with free shipping.

REVIEW 76: like most women, i to was afraid of a serger. recieved my new brother serger tuesday and got it out of the box...placed it on my sewing table and looked at it until today. but this machine is great, within just a few minutes, i practiced the sample stitch, rethreaded it, and with a few simple moves was able to do a rolled hem, just that easy. within a few more minutes was making napkins for my table. i researched several sergers, price did catch my eye on this one..wanted something with ease of use, being a newbie, but i did not want to spend a years salary. just the little time that i have had this machine, i love it. the reviews on this page was my second reason for buying...all the information that i needed..thank you. for beginners or the experienced, this brother serger is for you. brother is the only brand i own, and i have put them through their paces and would not have it any other way. good quality, user friendly and the cost is great. take these reviews to heart and buy this product with confidence. enjoy.

REVIEW 77: as someone who worked for a few years in a costume house, where i had access to industrial machines and neverending cascades of fabrics and threads for all my personal projects, the absence of a serger in my home life has been devastating to my productivity. i knew i wanted a serger, but i had a very limited budget. the brother d  layin thread serger is a great choice for an affordable, simple serger. the brand is a familiar one, and the  feature comes in handy. fixing the tension is easy, and the adjustable thread holder arm on top is great for saving space. it has a lot of useful stitch features, the suction cups on the bottom keep it stable on my table, and it is relatively quiet nice for apartment dwellers. i cannot speak for people who have not used a serger before, but i found changing threads on the machine to be easy and stressfree. the little numbers around the machine mean you know exactly where the thread goes next. it came with four different colored threads set up, so you can see which position makes what component in the stitch, and so you can follow them easily through the machine while learning rethreading. actually, i liked the fun look of four colors and ended up using them on two or three projects until they ran out. if you are experienced with sergers and do not mind the four colors of thread you can be serging immediately. i think i was working on the machine within  minutes of opening the box. i have not watched the tutorial yet, and have not needed to.

REVIEW 78: although i have been sewing for many years, this is my first serger. this serger is a great value, especially with the extra feet and trim trap a must. i found the threading to be fairly easy, the operation smooth, and the stitch tension easy to adjust. i am so impressed with how professional my garments look when i am finished and am incredibly happy with this purchase one note the manual is not as thorough as i would have hoped. i would recommend two booksthe new sewing with a serger, and the complete serger handbook to augment where the manual is lacking.

REVIEW 79: after quite a bit of research by us, i purchased this machine for my wife. she has been sewing for many years yet was slightly spooked about owning a serger. by using the supplied instructional dvd and learning about this machine before using it,she is thrilled with the results. it gets used almost daily and she has zero complaints about the operation and capabilities of this machine. she is able to fine tune the necessary operatives without stressing and states that for her home usage, this brother does all it claims without error. she also says, it gives my work a professionally done look...if you are new to serging,save yourself alot of grief  study up before using. here is an update on march ,    years since original review. this machine has many hours on it now and performs as good as when it was new. an occasional oiling is the only attention it has received. have not even broken a needle. assuming there have been no shortcuts in production, this is a great b buy. period

REVIEW 80: i recieved the serger in less than a week, i am very pleased with it. i think i will be using the machine a lot along with my regular sewing machine. i was dreading changing the spools of threads as i had heard it can be quite difficult with some sergers. this machine is not difficult at all which was a big relief. i actually cheated and used the tying on of other thread spools and then pulling the threads through the machine, i only had the needles to thread.

REVIEW 81: i was so intimidated but i should not have worried. i love it, it is so neat and compact and in my opion, quiet. i am using it on a card table so the cardboard maybe absorbing any extra noise. i practiced on scraps for a few days then tied on bigger spools to change the thread. that worked well and i had to remember to go slowly to catch the knots before they went through the eye of the needle. i was a little puzzled with threading the lower looper but after watching the video i was able to figure it out. my local fabric store sells sergers and after talking to the salesperson for a while and watching a few demonstrations, i picked up a lot. one thing that the store did, which i have also done, is place little labels with the names of the levers and dials and instructions for tension updown etc. on them. this saves me a lot of time without having to keep looking through the book. it is good to try it first with the different colored threads, it really helps to see which dial may need tension adjustment. i wish the light was a little brighter and the scrap box was bigger, but i will probably place a lamp nearby and make something bigger to catch the scraps. i am looking forward to making knits this winter. i removed one needle and the stitch fingervery easy to attempt blind hem sewing. i did not use the blind stitch attachment because when i tried that attachment, the blind stitch was a bit too long for my taste. i think i need to observe someone using this attachment to give me more confidence. i did hem up  pants over the weekend, just plain serging and hand hemming, and they look great. i also bought the complete serger handbook and the ultimate serger answer guide troubleshooting for any overlock brand or model  which are very helpful because they are in color unlike the brother manual. my hemline black studio collection serger tote bag is on its way and i hope it fits. i has been  weeks and i am happy with this purchase, i hope it lasts for years.

REVIEW 82: i bought this serger after reading the reviews i mean, really, what item is actually . stars out of . and i say, this item is definitely somewhere between a  and a . the threading instructions are almost foolproof i say, almost, because i thought the blue thread was threaded through something, but instead its threaded against something, and threading the thread through causes the thread to break every seam, and its so easy to thread. the one drawback is that the cutting knife is not as strong as my other serger which, is a pain to thread, so there is the tradeoff  i sewed into  straight pin and the knife broke. it would be nice if brother would throw in a replacement knife, because things that break usually break at inopportune moments am, in the middle of a seam...

REVIEW 83: i took it out of the box and set it up. read the instructions, so easy to thread started sewing immediately, and i have not had to adjust the tension once i was using an old, old serger and spending more time adjusting tension than sewing, and after spazing out, we just ordered this one hoping it would be better. i love it. i am not sure what that negative review was doing wrong, but if you do not thread the loopers in the correct order the threads break  which is true on any machine. i have not had this problem. i have had it for a couple of months now and a few projects, including a dress with  yards of material. this machine delivers it is very simple to use, easy to thread, and fast. the only thing to know is the width of the stitches is not small, like on purchased clothing. which is only important if you want to do fashion industry sewing. i think it is a great machine and i am very please with how easy it is to use and thread. it is a friendly machine

REVIEW 84: this is my very first serger and i was pleasantly surprised on how easy it was to thread i was able to thread all four spools of thread the very first time i tried i watched the helpful instruction video that came with the serger and was serging within one hour this machine leaves beautiful stitches and it very user friendly i highly recommend this serger, especially for first time users you will not go wrong with brothers easily understood instructions and videos i was able to make my project in half the time with my serger i wish i bought this years ago it would have saved so much time the brother  d is a excellent product for a very affordable price why pay more everything you need is in this serger i am a very happy customer

REVIEW 85: i got this item because i got tired of having the seam allowances of my garments look homemade. honestly, it sat on my sewing table for a good  months because i was afraid of threading the machine now, i could kick myself because it is very easy to thread if you view the cds that come with the machine and read the manual. you can also look at the vids on youtube about how to thread. probably for those new to serging, the lower looper threading might seem to be the hardest. just remember to follow the blue lines on the machine carefully and bring the thread under the upper looper. i cannot say enough about this machine i am still learning things and it has added a new level of creativity to my sewing. this machine does not have a cover or chain stitch so if you are looking to do a lot of sewing with knits, this machine may not be as useful to you. but, if you need a basic serger, this is a great machine on which to start

REVIEW 86: i do not remember when i started sewing, but i got my first cast iron white machine when i was . i do professional, custom work from christening gowns to furniture and drapes. i had the old school fear of serger and had relied on my hard core janome to over stitch my work. my sister in law talked me into the serger a year or two ago, and this was my first. i can say that the machine is reliable. aside from the shipping issue i experienced with it my first arrived with foot lever broken off and had to be returned for replacement it works very well every time i use it. i knew the limits of its scope when i purchased and i bought it because i was new to the genre and wanted something simple. if you are a home sewer or low key professional, this is a great machine for you. my only complaint is the threading system. i use very high quality thread because my garments are made to be heirloom and my home styles are meant to withstand years of machine washing. the stitches are consistent once you get it threaded. if you own this machine, you will know that step nine of the first thread asks you to catch a pulled out clamp, or reciprocal, then go to another hole. my machine requires six or eight tries to make this work, even on the lowest tension. wrap, pull, poke,and thread the other , then find out it is not caught on  and cut thread and start again. god forbid you change thread or break one because it will take half an hour to get this clamp to work.

REVIEW 87: i have had the brother d serger for a few months now and i love it i have used the thread overlock and thread overlock stitches, as well as the rolled hem feature. i have also played with the differential feed to get different finishing effect, like lettuce edging. the manual is very clear and helpful, setup was really simple, and the machine has run like a dream so far. it is a bit noisier than a regular sewing machine, but it also stitches much faster. it is perfect for sewing knits and activewear like swimsuits and skating costumes, but also does a great job finishing edges and hems on all sorts of fabrics. just be aware that this machine does not have the ability to form a coverstitch, in case that is one of the features you are looking for. all in all it is the perfect serger for a first time owner.

REVIEW 88: wonderful. omg as the youth would say. i am  and new to sewing so had concerns about getting a serger. most happy with this machine. it works wonderfully. suggestion follow the tip to tie new thread to the old to thread the machine. i let the original thread run out twice and it was an emotional experience getting it threaded. but when i followed the simple directions, all was fine. great machine, certainly a good value.

REVIEW 89: after wanting a serger for a few years, but not wanting to make the investment, i took a serging class at a high end store. the serger we learned on was  wo any additional feet. the lower end serger for this brand was . i saw a review for the brother serger and researched it online. i made the purchase and have been very happy with this serger. it came with two dvds which i found easy to understand. i have made a tent cover, a market bag and sergered seams i am very happy with the brother serger

REVIEW 90: id been wanting a serger for months. i was going to buy an expensive one, but then saw all of the great reviews that this one had, and thought for what ill use it for, this sounds perfect. it comes w an instructional dvd , which worked on my mac computer has the latest os, which totally surprised me i threaded the machine the first time just reading through the manual. it was very easy. its tricky figuring out the right tension, but i think that would be the case w any not computerized serger. the only issues i have had with it are that its sort of loud while sewing, and the ruffle foot does not gather very tightly. i am not sure ill ever use it. however, i could just be using it wrong, but i did follow the instructions in the manual. overall, i love this serger. i am very happy with it. id buy it again in a heart beat. oh yeah, you can buy thread at joanns for .spool. great deal

REVIEW 91: as a christmas gift, my mother gave me money to purchase a serger. i have been eyeing one for years, but always put it on the back burner. i did some research and for the money, amazon had the best price and always great customer service. i purchased this serger, and i had no idea how much i really wanted one until i started using it. i love it. this serger comes with awesome instructions and i was up and running in no time.

REVIEW 92: i bought this serger for my wifes birthday and she loves it she has had experience with sergers before and said she really likes the ease of use. she had a little trouble figuring out how to thread the machine, but after watching the video that comes with it she had no problems.

REVIEW 93: i purchased this serger in may and loved it. it worked for  weeks, then stopped. it was still under warranty and brothers authorized it to be fixed. it was impossible to get the parts for the motor and brothers refused to doanything other than to try to track down the part. it sat in the shop for  weeks and during that time the warranty ran out. after no satisfaction with brothers, i called amazon. they were wonderful they replaced the machine completely without any chargesto me and i will ship the old machine back free as well. i cannot say enough about how great amazon is to work with. i will continue to be a faithful customer of theirs. barb

REVIEW 94: this is my first serger that i actually practice on it. i bought gemsy  threads is a horrible machine. it very hard to thread. do not buy gemsy  threads machine. buy brother  threads machine and if you need to do things that the  threads machine can do. then use your sewing machine standard sewing machine or conventional. this brother serger is easy to thread and color coded with all the extra feet. great price. the only thing is tension. i have to learn more about tension. this serger it computerized somewhat. every time i change the tension, it will not adjust right away. then if i continue to sew for about  minutes then it adjust to what i set for. so be careful to test on the scraps after you change the tension. i wish brother international company will fix this tension problem and make it better for easier to use. brother and amazon have an excellent customer service.

REVIEW 95: after doing a lot of research on this serger, i purchased one in june  with the intention of giving it as a gift. it sat unopened in the original box after all, who opens and uses someone elses gift until early december, when i learned that it was not needed as a gift. i opened it, watched the dvds, read the manuals and a book on serging, and on  tried to use it. the loopers collided and would not move. a phone call to brother tech support resulted in my being told that the service warranty expired after  days from purchase, and that i would have to take it to the local authorized brother service place. i was told that damage probably happened in shipping. i have the original box, which bears no evidence whatsoever of damage. i asked to speak to a supervisor, and was told that cindy horne would call me back. this was on . i have yet to receive a call from ms. horne. i had to spend   of what i paid for the machine and drive a total of  miles tofrom the repair shop to have a brand new, straightoutofthebox machine repaired. the repair man said he had no explanation as to how the parts he had to adjust came to be out of alignment, and that one of them locked or screwed in position so that it could not shift or move unless deliberately manipulated from inside the machine. in other words, the shipping damage brothers customer support tech tried to cite as the because of the problem could not feasibly be the because. i would have been mortified had i given this item as a gift, only to have the recipient have to spend  to get it fixed. i am furious that i have had to pay to have a brand new item repaired, and that brothers customer support cannot even be bothered to honor the promise of a callback. i am also extremely disappointed in brother, as it was a brand that i had trusted until this experience. i have had several brother items printers as well as sewing machines, and they performed like workhorses. however, they were older brother items, not recent products. i suspect that as with so many other companies, brother has decided to produce on the cheap, and once they have your money, no one could possibly care less whether or not the product performseven straight out of the box. my advice is this if you buy a brother item which i can no longer in good conscience recommend anyone do, do not take it for granted that it will work. do not buy in advance of a birthdayholidaywhatever, and do not expect brother support to be of any help at all.

REVIEW 96: i gave the d serger  stars because its everything i wanted and more, i especially like the fact that i can use regular sewing machine thread, that is great  its also easy to thread, i thought at first it would be difficult, but its not at all.

REVIEW 97: i was so intimidated when i received this, i let it sit for a whole weekend before i tried it. i did not need to be worried. it is easy to operate and i am thrilled with the two infinity dresses i made. these infinity dresses were made without a pattern, and i am just a beginner at sewing. the four thread stitch still allows plenty of stretch to my spandex fabrics and made these two dresses total successes. i was really worried about threading the machine. the good news is there are lots of good instructional videos on youtube. the videos that come with the machine are old, outdated, and only run on windows computers. they are worth a quick look, but the youtube videos are much better. even better, it comes with four reels of thread already in place. this was enough to make both dresses. the best tip when you almost run out of one thread, tie a new thread onto the end and let it run right through the machine. works right up until you get to the two needles. the other two threads have no needle eyes or problems. if you are a beginner, like me, i think this machine will help you with those stretchy fabrics.

REVIEW 98: absolutely love it. it was an upgrade for me from a white serger of . it is much, much easier to thread, and the knife can be moved without having to take it apart  there are a couple extra feet for it, the adjustments are easy to make, almost as easy as a sewing machine  the industry has definitely come a long way and this is a delightful improvement  and the price was quite agreeable as well. i chose to get it from amazon because of their stand by the buyer policy in making sure the purchase went well, you got what it was you ordered, and that you are happy with it.

REVIEW 99: got this in the mail and to be honest, i was a little intimidated to thread the thing. i took it out of the box and read the directions and had it threaded in no time at all sews nicely, too

REVIEW 100: omg, this machine has completely changed my life. i can do everything faster and better. i heard it was tricky to thread but had no trouble at all, especially after watching a couple of tutorial videos on yt. also, learning how to tie on thread so you do not have to rethread all the time has helped. i do with the dvd was watchable on a mac....and the brother videos i found on yt seem a bit dated. but, so glad i purchased it

REVIEW 101: this is so easy to use, and i learned to thread in about  hour. it delivers a professional look to my garments. besides the video they give you you can go on you tube for instructions from other happy users. there is so much more to learn what this does, but in my class i am just serging seams right now. great price for a very good product. i only wish it would selfthread.

REVIEW 102: i am new to serging, i wish i would have taken the plunge years ago, cost seemed to always be an issue i read reviews and decided to dive in a few moths ago i am been soo glad this machine has completely changed sewing for me give this beauty a chance

REVIEW 103: i am very pleased with the brother d. i have never used a serger before so it will take me a little while to get used to it..i am not a big time sew person, so this will fit into my sewing program perfectly for the small projects that i want to do. sure beats hand hemming the edges your price was much better than several different stores that were offering this same machine as a holiday special.. thanks you so much.

REVIEW 104: bought this for my sister for christmas. she is slow to try it out but, i bought one earlier in the year. for a low price machine, it does all basic serging without challenge.

REVIEW 105: i love having a serger this is my first experience with one, so i am still in a learning curve. there are a couple of things that stopped me from giving it a higher rating first, the instructions provided are not very good. they provide a dvd that is not at all helpful because the narrator blocks the view and it is in small screen mode and cannot be made bigger. i had to search on youtube to find good instructions. it is pretty hard to figure out how to thread the loopers if you have never used one before i did call brother, but the customer service rep did not help at all second, it is pretty noisy all in all its a good machine for the money.

REVIEW 106: i have been sewing since i was a kid now  years young but had never used or owned a serger. what a great machine. wish one would have been in my sewing room all those years i made knit and other clothes for my three kids. this machine sews great, instructions are very easy to follow for threading, and the price is fantastic. the two videos that came with the machine are a big help. cannot wait to come up with items to serge on my machine.

REVIEW 107: i picked this one after hearing how many problems people were having with their singer sergers. it comes prethreaded with different colored string to easily show you how to thread it. there is also a dvd that shows how to do it, but i just followed the threads and was able to thread it on my first try in under  minutes. it works really well too. the only thing bad is the little trimming tray is hard to attach and too small. it has yet to yam on me or break thread since i rethreaded it.

REVIEW 108: wonderful serger easy to set up, very easy threading, and fantastic price i did have to return one unit to amazon in exchange for another unit the presser foot lever broke on first use. instant reship. love it.

REVIEW 109: this serger is easy to thread and use and comes with optional feet blind and gathering. it also uses regular thread and needles. i am new to sewingserging and appreciate the ease of having both machines for hemming, etc. the only con is that the instructional discs are cds, not dvds. i would buy this serger again

REVIEW 110: shipped in record time. arrived threaded i immediately broke something user error but was able to fix it in  minutes after looking it up in the manuals table of contents. no idea how involved ill get with this but, straight out of the box i am serging with ease.

REVIEW 111: i bought this when i started making my diaper stash. it plowed throw thick heavy soakers and thin flannel wipes perfectly. seems any serger takes some tweaking for settings, but this has nice color coding on the machine and in the books for trouble shooting. i sewed for years without one and now i cannot believe how much i use it. sometimes sewing shirts and dresses i only use my regular machine for top stitching and this for everything else

REVIEW 112: seriously, i do not understand why some have problems about this serger. i have never used a serger in my life until i got this but it was ver easy to figure out. the threading part just read the manual i do not have any issues with my serger so far. i am a happy buyer

REVIEW 113: love this serger. easy to thread, easy to operate, beautiul results. i recommend it the dvds that it came with are uber helpful, clear and easy to follow. plenty of helpful hints online for projects and assistance. thank you

REVIEW 114: after researching the oodles of serger options out there, reading lots of reviews and testdriving some high end models at my local sewing machine shop, i chose the brother d as a starter serger. i was able to use it right out of the box, and with a little help of a variety of awesome youtube videos which i found much more useful than the in box vids, i have been been able to use all the features i have wanted to try so far. in the month i have had it, i have used it for so many projects that its already paid for itself. its an excellent machine for someone that just wants to serge and i will definitely choose brother again when i upgrade for the coveted coverstitch

REVIEW 115: i cannot say enough good things about this serger. i am fairly new to sewing started mo ago but have since made it a profession, making and selling kids clothing on etsy. i have only owned one sewing machine and was quite intimidated at the thought of getting a serger...they just look so complicated not this one...it shows you everything. i was using my serger in a half hour...trying out all the new techniques and mastering most of them the first week now my handmade clothing looks so professionally finished and neat, and it really cuts the time it takes for me to make them, nearly in half sweetcheeksyou. etsy.com

REVIEW 116: wow so impressed by this serger, especially for the price. it is easy to thread once you get the hang of it, and totally functional. includes a little cup for the scraps, and tons of serging options. easy, color coded threading inside too. i have had mine for about a year, and it is getting a bit squeaky. i probably need to get it oiled. but i do use it all day, everyday my job. totally great value. love itps i purchased a singer serger, and i prefer this one x more.

REVIEW 117: bravo amazon once again for your prompt delivery of this item. after unpacking and testing the serger, my initial impression is very favorable. this is by no means my first experience with sergers, industrial or otherwise. it is however the third home overlock machine that i own. its the first one i have owned that has the knife blade mechanism cutting from beside and underneath the sewing plate rather from beside and above. i also welcomed the abundant accessories that came with the unit, including the two additional feet, the  pairs of extra needles sizes  and , the informative cd and dvd ... etc. threading the unit is super easy compared to my previous experience with sergers. i would have wished that the machine motor could run a bit faster. i am a bit spoiled by the industrial units that i have used in the past. the motor noise is fairly low. the builtin light is okay but i plan to add a task light to my serging table anyway. if this unit continues to perform well ... i may very well be tempted to buy another one and store my other sergers as backups.

REVIEW 118: i am new to sewing and serging. i was a little concerned that i would not be able to use the serger, but i have not had any problems. i am taking a sewing class and the serger in class is very difficult to thread. this brother serger comes already threaded, but when i changed thread, it was fairly easy. once i got the hang of it, its become routine now.

REVIEW 119: love it it is my first serger, and i love how simple it is to use, and inexpensive. i am yet to test different kinds of fabric, but it worked well on my denim and viscose. happy with my choice.

REVIEW 120: i love this serger. it is super simple, the directions, including the threading instructions, are clear, concise and easy to follow. it took me all of  minutes to read and implement. its only quirk is the noise...sometimes it is rather loud, but that could be due to my error feeding the fabric. oin any event, the machine works like a charm and is perfect for the new sewer who wants to give their skills a boost and their projects some professional flair. it is also great for regular or frequent use since it feels solid and serges easily.

REVIEW 121: love it. i watched the video first and would recommend that to anyone who has not used one before. my thread was wrapped around itself, and snapped before i got a chance to make a chain, but luckily, the directions for threading were really easy to read with pictures on the machine. the manual is terrible but videos and diagram on the inside of the machine is super easy to follow.

REVIEW 122: i needed a serger for home use as i am making and also repairing our clothes. so far it has been over  months that i have had it and it performs great. easy to thread, easy to use. only issue i had and it was my fault was that i attempted to sew a very heavy fabric in layers and it broke my needle. overall i recommend it and although its not as heavy duty as my industrial ones its pretty good quality for the price

REVIEW 123: this serger is marvelous. i was worried that it would be hard to thread the needle, because it is sometimes hard to see the eye. that was not the case. it was very easy to thread and operate. i have had a singer for years and when it tore up i decided to try a brother. it is much superior to the one i had before.

REVIEW 124: i have been sewing for a while, but never used a serger before now. i really like the finished look it gives my projects and its really easy to use. learning to thread the thing took close examination but once i got it, its been pretty smooth sailing. id recommend getting larger spools of thread so that you can keep working on your projects without having to stop and rethread often. keeping it clean is a good idea. the videos that came with it were pretty useful. i only had to watch the videos for the basics. once you get more comfortable with the machine, you can revisit the videos for more tips.

REVIEW 125: i have never had a serger but i used my moms a few ocassions. i just got mine, and it is surprisingly easy to use. very easy to thread and set up. we made a blanket with sleeves in less than an hour, my daughter has never sewn before and she used it with no trouble at all. we are very happy with our purchase.

REVIEW 126: after using it i realized its probably better to have one color thread for all  threadders, hard to thread but once it is, works great. if you do us different colored thread for each threadder, it does make the fabric very colorful.

REVIEW 127: been dreaming of a serger for years. found this one at a great price and could not be more thrilled. i have used it on a variety of different weight fabrics works just as well on thicker fabric as on sheers. instruction charts and manual are very helpful, clearly written and well laidout. easy to thread, runs like a dream.

REVIEW 128: this is my second serger.  years ago when i received my serger it was threaded correctly and i started useing it immediately. this machine came with the thread tangled and knotted. i could not get it to thread properly and working. i took it to a brothers dealer and had it checked out. it was just missed threaded, but if the machine was not threaded right when it was at the factory should not the inspector had noticed the problem and fixed it when running the first machine it sounds like a quality running machine but this machine sounds tinney when it is running. i have only had it for  months so i hope it works as well as the other machine. i use both machine all the time.

REVIEW 129: nice serger, love it and good price and i have sold you two more to my friends after they saw mine.

REVIEW 130: i cannot stress how this serger has helped with my sewing creations. it is easy to use, dependable and compact. i would highly recommend this product to sewers everywhere.

REVIEW 131: i am a longtime sewer and have previously owned a bernette serger, made by juki, from the s. i sewed hundreds of hours, everything from upholstery to lingerie, on that serger and wore it out. a few years ago i purchased this machine, after reading so many positive reviews. my experience, in comparison to what i had been accustomed to with my bernette, is that this machine is difficult in almost every way. it runs like a tractor, its tension is often in need of adjustment, threading can be a nightmare, it tends to chewup light fabrics and i find that i rarely use it. i have gone back to zigzagging most of my seams and will buy something else as soon as i can. if you are planning on purchasing a serger and are an entrylevel purchaser, i would recommend a basic babylock or juki. if you are buying a second machine, as i did, i recommend that you save up for a machine that you can enjoy. it might be more money up front, but i have discovered the hard way that you do get what you pay for in a serger. the bottom line is that i would not recommend this serger to anybody.

REVIEW 132: fabulous machine super quick learning curve  easy to thread color coded and so easy to sew with. everything i make now looks so professional how did i ever get by without it i must admit, i was a little scared to buy a serger with all the comments about how hard they are to thread, let alone use, but its not true with this machine. i would recommend it highly. my friend looks at her singer baby lock machine with total disdain now... she wants a brother like mine

REVIEW 133: i have never used a serger before and was really nervous when i purchased this serger. the demo cd that came with it was very helpful and i was able to thread the serger with no problems. the serger works great for me  yet i have just been using it for the basic projects. if you are looking for an easy to use serger for your basic projects, than this is the serger for you

REVIEW 134: this is a wonderful serger, especially being so inexpensive. it is so easy to thread, and i love that i can adjust the stitch length and width. i have not played too much with it, but i am using it a lot, i make gymnastics suits and its been great.

REVIEW 135: although i have been sewing since i was a young child, i had never owned or used a serger before. i finally decided to add one to my craftsewing room, and chose this brother model because i love my brother sewing machine, and the amazon reviews looked good. oh my goodness, i pulled this out of the box and it looked quite daunting. i set up the machine, and read the book to the point of a practice run. lo and behold, the machine was jammed. the wheel would not turn. i called brother so that if the machine broke while i was trying to fix it, i had not done anything that they did not specifically tell me to do. brother told me to turn the wheel counter clockwise to try and break it free. fifteen seconds later, the machine was working, and i had my test run. awesomei finished the book and watched the cd. the cd contains great instruction for all the different stitches, and is very easy to understand. i will give you this recommendation up front as it comes in the middle or toward the end of the cd somewhere. watch the cd by your serger. have practice material handy. have some x cards or sometthing and take notes of the settings and instructions that are given on the cd, pause the cd and practice the stitch and then file the practice stitch with the notes that you took. i wish i had this reference, but i am going to have to watch the cd again to create this. otherwise, you will have to watch a portion of one of the cds again to get the instructions. its a little disruptive if you are in the middle of sewing. i had read reviews of other brands of sergers and the nightmare of threading them. people spending four hours to try and figure out how to thread them. i was a little fearful of this machine. after watching the cd, i was relieved that i really would never have to thread it again since you can just tie new thread to the already threaded looper. well, i was not paying attention and the upper looper  ran out of thread. i easily rethreaded this in a matter of moments, but in doing so, the lower looper  came unthreaded. uh oh. i read the book and easily got it threaded up to where it goes into the looper. the book seemed to show a bunch of dashes, which made no sense. i turned the page and the book clearly explained the last steps. awesome. had the lower looper threaded in less that  seconds. bwahaha. i am now fearless with this machine. it is easy to use and the cds are great references. i have only had my machine for about  weeks, but i have used it every day and just love it. its a great price too i recommend this for anyone looking for a  serger. do not get tricked into buying a more expensive machine by people calling it a beginner serger. silliness. i sew daily, and have for  years. this is a  serger. a  serger will do almost anything you need it to do unless there is something special that you sew regularly that requires a chain stitch or a coverstitch, although i cannot for the life of me figure out what that might be. if you add the  thread and the  thread option, you will spend a whole lot of money for a coverstitch, jet stream threading and and a chain stitch. after alot of research, my assessment was that i might make up a few projects to use the extra stitches if i had them, but that it was a whole lotta money for something i did not need in order to make clothes or dolls or doll clothes or quilts. a bunch of money for novelty. this is a great machine with alot of functionality. it is a real time saver for finishing seams, raw edges, rolled hems, pin tucks, blind hems, etc. awesome

REVIEW 136: trusting the brother co, i bought this serger shortly after i purchased a brother sewing machine after searching on amazon. com. i was right in the middle of a sewing project when my old machines quit working . nice quick delivery date. i am so glad i bought this d serger. it was easy to follow the directions and set it up. the lower looper thread was a snap to use. thank you, my old serger was a bear threading the upper and lower loopers. the stitches are perfect. no need to sew a straight stitch after serging. nice and tight stitches. the light is brighter. the bed extension is perfect. i am happy. what a good buy.

REVIEW 137: i was a little wary at first in purchasing an inexpensive serger, especially after everyone had warned me not to buy a serger that was not selfthreading. boy, am i glad i did not listen to them this is a fantastic machine in the last three months it worked really hard sewing close to a hundred costumes for a high school musical  trust me, that was a lot of sewing in a short amount of time this serger did not quit, except for about a day when i ran over a forgotten pin and the serger knife broke. totally not the machines fault, and it was supereasy to replace. i also had to rethread the machine, and it literally took less than  minutes. the directions are easy enough for a novice which i am to follow, and tells you exactly how to do all of the stitches rolled hems, ruffles, etc. i even boxed it up and moved it around and it just kept going and going. this machine has made me want to pick up sewing seriously again, and i am now in the market to replace my basic sewing machine you do still need both. if the quality of their regular machines are anything like the brother d serger, i am seriously considering replacing my ancient machine with a brother sewing machine. i can honestly say that if someone has told you not to purchase a serger for less than , you should prove them wrong and buy this little guy he will not let you down

REVIEW 138: i was scared to death to try a serger but had started quilting and needed one to serge raw edges before washing fabric. the reviews for this one were so positive, so i thought what the heck, ill try it. it is so simple and the directions are so easy to follow. i messed up the thread right off the batthe thread that comes with the machine is not the best so i would recommend rethreading it first. after that it has been easy. i would definitely recommend this to a beginner as an inexpensive way to get your feet wet i have a lot to learn not to mention the price being very reasonable.

REVIEW 139: i purchased this serger for my wife who is learning sewing. even i a male was able to serge right outofthebox with it being prethreaded without reading the manual of course, that comes later. rethreading on one of the lower needles is a little tricky but that is most likely the case in all sergers. the videos that come with the machine are all meant to be viewed on your computer and not on your dvdtv. my wife has made a dress, skirt, and pants with it so far and it operates wonderfully. for the price i would say it is a good buy. you will not be disappointed.

REVIEW 140: i have been looking for a dependable serger at a price i could afford for some time to replace an old one, and have spent a lot of time doing online research. this model seemed to have better online reviews than other brands so i ordered one from amazon. this serger cannot be beat for the price and amazon has the best price, it outsews my new singer commercial grade serger like nobodys business. the motor is quieter and the machine has a precision feel and sound like a high quality sewing machine  sergers are notoriously noisy but this one is not. it does not vibrate and shake even at full speed  i had to keep a rubber mat under my old one to keep it from becoming airborne lol. the tension is consistent and easy to adjust for different fabrics and stitch widths. it takes a little extra time to change it over to rolled hem and back by removingreplacing the stitch finger, but is still very easy to do if you read the instructions. i will seldom have a need for it anyway so it is not an issue with me  the narrowest overedge setting will serve my purpose. it easily converts to freearm by sliding off the side plate, a feature usually found only on higherpriced models. you can do decorative flatlock with the thread setting, you do not have to buy an expensive  thread model to get that capability. it has a couple of instructional cds in addition to the book, which would be very helpful to beginners. if you are a beginner, just take time to go through the book page by page until you understand what it does and what each stitch is supposed to look like and do not be afraid to practice each one. i could not be happier with my purchase and highly recommend it for anyone just starting out and experienced seamstresses too. it was also recommended to me by a friend who is had hers for several years  she sews full time without any problems from her d and calls it her workhorse. its a mechanical model so you do not have to worry about expensive computer repairs. do not let the price scare you off thinking its cheap quality  i have had three higherpriced models and this is by far my favorite  high price does not always insure quality performance.

REVIEW 141: i had this machine on my christmas list, and finally was able to afford it about  weeks ago. i got it in the mail, and like all the reviews say, it comes threaded and set up to use. it was great. i made a shirt the first night i had it out. i made a skirt the next day, with a nice lettuce edge. i edged two large pieces of tulle with a napkin hem. great  beyond some weird thread breaking issues on the lower looper. i know how to thread this machine inside and out now. but  and here is the kicker. the very next time i went to use it for a mothers day gift no less, something was wrong. it would not cut anymore. looked like the knife possibly broke, and the knife lever did not work. i called brother  they referred me to a local repair shop. after researching said local repair shop, it appeared to be very shady  and my sweet serger did not deserve that. plus  it was a new machine i should not have to take it in on week  of ownership. not my problem  i have little kids at home and driving a  hour round trip to take a new broken machine in is ridiculous to consider at least the brother rep was somewhat apologetic. sort of. i returned it to amazon as defective. i cried over it too..round  i replaced my first machine with the same model, and pledged to myself that this was it  if this one breaks, that is it. two lemons in a row, and i am done with this brand. well, the machine came, and i opened the box. the thread had all bounced off the bobbins  bad sign that it was juggled a bit in shipping. i set it up to run, rethreaded it not too bad, by the way  the lowerlooper is the tricky part, and got to work. and it squealed like a pig. seriously there was no purr, it howled in pain when i ran it. the access door on the front would barely open too. seriously what are the odds my decision was instantaneous  either take it to the hole in the wall repair shop or return it  i returned it the next day. i killed  machines in  weeks. moral of the story buy a cheap serger, expect it to act like a cheap serger. some people most it appears are lucky, and do not have this experience. not me. i have since test driven better quality machines, and i know what to look for now. i am saving for a more expensive, reliable, nonbrother machine. sorry, the bad experience ruined me. if a sketchy repair shop is all you can offer me, i am going to look elsewhere. other moral before you buy an expensive machine like a serger, with lots of mechanical parts, buy it locally and from a reputable dealer. most if not all local shops offer warranty work and their own protections for your machine if something goes wrong. when you buy online, you have to send to the service hub in your area, as brother does not offer any other option for internet purchases. also, most shops over an upgrade policy  turn your machine in within a time period towards a better machine. a great deal if you ask me. just something to consider, if you are going to use the serger more that a few times a year.

REVIEW 142: ill keep this short since there are a ton of really looong reviews about how great this is and all its features i read a lot of them myself before purchasing this one and they are all true. i am just now starting out with my first serger and i can honestly say i absolutely love it. and wish i would have done this sooner. its true at first they can seem a little daunting, but when you use one for the first time you will wonder how you ever got along without one and see your creations go from amateur to professional looking just like that. i love love love my new serger. no regrets d

REVIEW 143: this is my second brother serger machine. the first one was purchased in woolworths at least  years ago. and it was still working but i wanted an upgrade and this machine rocks. it came right out of the box and started sewing. this is not a professional machine, but it is a work horse and i use it for everything.

REVIEW 144: i love how easy it is to thread and how well it is working so far. i have never had a serger but have always wanted one. i have signed up for a class just to make sure i get it right, but the instructions were simple and the video was very helpful. the only things i would change are very small  provide an attached holder of some sort for the extra feet and tools that came with it. a zip lock baggie listed as if its some great extra is just not my idea of helpful.  on the video of the specialty stitches, make it so i can choose the stitch from a menu and view the video of just that  same for the instructions. that way i do not have to view the entire video of to get help. i have been playing with it and plan to start to really use it next week

REVIEW 145: i read reviews which were mostly  stars and decided to buy this to replace my moms old bernette by bernina serger which i gave back to her  very nice machine, but the tension dials made it impossible for me to thread as a beginner. for basic edge finishing of normal easy to sew fabrics, it works just fine. everything else i have tried looks not so good. i am a beginner at serging  i have used one for about  or so years, but never bothered to learn more to do on them than sew the most basic stitch...so the problems i have had could be me. i love it for basic garment edge finishing because its so easy to thread which is the main reason i bought it, but i cannot do rolled hem or narrow hem properly, no matter how much i fidget with the tensions and follow directions in one of the two books provided the upper looper thread is very loopy, but not in the place it gets loopy when the tensions off. lastly, when i try to go faster, the clickingish noise it makes gets louder the faster i go. i usually do not go fast because i am afraid something might break.

REVIEW 146: finally i got it, i love this serger. i grew up using the old fashion sergers with complex threading processes, so this one is so easy to string and use and now it completes my list for all my sewing needs. i hated how much time it took with just my regular sewing machine to finish garments. maybe i am picky but i like the inside of my garments to look as good as the outside. very happy with this product.

REVIEW 147: i bought this machine to replace an older serger that broke. i found it extremely easy to thread and set the tension. with my old machine, i could count on spending onetwo hours just to get the tension right to do rolled hems. with this machine, i was threaded and ready to go in less than  minutes and the finished product was vastly superior to my old machine. i do not regret this purchase at all. the price was right and delivery from amazon was quick.

REVIEW 148: i was loving this machine till it broke this is my first serger and i found it very easy to use. watched the videos and referenced the books and i was off and sewing. then tragedy struck, i was sewing a purse made of wool and when i came to a thicker seam instead of stopping the whole arm that runs the needle bent sideways. there was no way to fix it. luckily amazon took it back and refunded my money without any problems. after thinking about it for a few weeks i decided this must have been a fluke and i am going to try it again, so i have ordered another of the same  wish me luck

REVIEW 149: i have been using an old  yr serger but decided to treat myself to a new one when it came time to get it adjusted yet again this year. for slightly less than two years charges of adjustments i have gotten a machine that is far above what sergers used to do. last weekend i made a set of draperies and bed skirts using both a heavy fabric and a lightweight one. the brother serger went from one to the other and back again without adjustment and looked wonderful in both cases. my suggestion is if you are using an older serger, treat yourself to the new features like layin threading and easy to thread lower loopers that were plagues of the older sergers. if you are looking for a first serger this one will fill the bill. i like it so well i went out and bought me a new brother  sewing machine to go with it.

REVIEW 150: i have been sewing on a regular machine for years and just finally became brave enough to try a serger. it was one of the best purchases i have ever made this machine comes with very clear instructions,  great cd roms, and color coded labels that make trheading it a snap. i strongly recomment the product, especially for new serger users. all the help you need to get started is in the boxincluding a handy troubleshooting guide with lots of photos. the price is excellent as well.

REVIEW 151: this serger replaces one lost in hurricane katrina. it is not the most expensive one you can buy, but it definately has most of the features of the high end sergers well it is not selfthreading and works smoothly and easily. the cutter works well, and the attachable container that catches the cut edges is in a good position  in front  so that edges do not fall to the floor. it detaches for emptying with ease. the price made it a real bargain, and free shipping made it even better. i would recommend it to anyone who sews  especially with handwoven fabric. its features are really timesavers.

REVIEW 152: i was skeptical about this machine because of how affordable it was but because of the other good reviews, i purchased it. i have been very happy with it. it was already threaded when i got it out of the box. i was sewing greatlooking overcast seams in about  min. i quickly read over the instruction manual, mostly about tension adjustments, and after a few adjustments with the tension was off and running. i could not believe how great the stitch looked. i do have prior experience with sewing but have never used a serger i have not even viewed the instructional cd, yet. it is kind of loud and when ya get going at a good rate, the machine vibrates a bit, but that does not detract from how great it sews. do not hesitate to consider purchasing this if you are looking for an inexpensive machine to primarily do overcast stitching with. i am so happy with my purchase.

REVIEW 153: i purchased this serger in november . i had no serger experience. my advice is to take a good look at how it is threaded when it arrives. read the instruction book and i recommend highlighting in color the sections for each thread. i did not find the cdrom helpful. i recommend you buy nancy zeimans book on serging. just make sure that you thread in the correct order  green, blue, red then yellow. once i figured that out i was fine. if you are not used to adjusting tensions, you may find dealing with that a little frustrating at first but review the instructions and make samples. my sewing machine is a ,ooo janome so i was really please with the subtantialness of the brother. i did not find it excessively noisy and i did not think it vibrated a lot. i have sew drapes and several other things and never had the thread break. i think this machine is a good deal.

REVIEW 154: this is an average machine, the threading is not layin, but neither is it imposssible. need to be sure to change to cone type thread for good thread feed, and to thread by the number. finished stitch is adequate and will serve for finishing seams.

REVIEW 155: it works good. i cannot get rolled hem out of the machine. good for beginners, i think. for the money i spent i cannot complain much. have made  outfits using itquite happy with the results. threading yestakes some practice but there is nothing to be scared of. i am giving  and a half stars.

REVIEW 156: before purchasing this item, we shopped for sergers at local sewing dealers and read many reviews online. i would say that  of the reviews were positive and people loved its usage and results. the other  had mentioned negativity toward the complexities in loadingstringing the thread paths. well, we took a chance on this brother model and found that it is the greatest machine. it performs exactly as we expected and operating it is very simple, if you only read the instructions and have a little patience, when learning the howtos of operating this brother d serger.

REVIEW 157: i have had my serger about three weeks now and i could not be more pleased. the instructions are easy to understandthe dvds were a great help. i have used it for three projects and it did a great job on each. for the money, this is really a great product.

REVIEW 158: fast, efficient orderingmailingdelivery. machine perfect in every way except it came with the goofiest thread. after you order the machine make sure you buy four spools of serger thread, too

REVIEW 159: bought this product and my wife just loves it the price was right, shipping was free after joining prime and other than having to dig around the web for a japanese manual wife does not read english very well its worth the price...

REVIEW 160: she loves the serger, light wieght, easy color coded for ease of threading, no problems, good all around machine for the

REVIEW 161: after reading the reviews on the brother d serger and on singers serger, i decided to go with the brother and i am not disappointed. i found it easy to use right away  i even finished altering a dress for a mother of the bride after only having the machine for  day. i am very glad that i decided on the brother and would definitely recommend it to anyone thinking about buying one.

REVIEW 162: this is the second machine we have bought, that should say alot, it makes sewing alot easier for me when mrs clause is happy. and she is happy with this product.

REVIEW 163: es un producto maravilloso para el trabajo que realizo, y ademaacutes hay cosas nuevas que aprender y ella es una muy buena adquisicioacuten para cumplir con mis objetivos, ya la estoy recomendando a todas mis amigas, mi esposo es el maacutes feliz, porque todo lo que aprenda lo practico para el. gracias

REVIEW 164: had many fears in using and purchasing a serger, but all fears subsided once i received it and got my hands dirty. very easy to thread and runs very smoothly. but the how to video is horrible. not very detailed and goes to fast in my opinion. when i ran out of my right bobbin thread i struggled to get the machine sewing again. went back to the video and realized that if that thread breaks then the two needle threads need to be threaded again. in the video she does not, in my opinion emphasises that enough. i do not know id that is common knowledge, but for a first time user i feel that is very important. beyond the video, this is an excellent machine. did everything i needed and i like the option to do cuffs. great machine, user friendly, and nothing like the nightmares i had read about before purchase.

REVIEW 165: i bought this machine  years ago, and have used it probably over  hours, and its still going strong i do not know if it still comes with the dvd, but that was very helpful, and the instruction book was good also. it did not take me long to learn how to use this serger it is my first serger. i have not had any trouble with it so far. i use the differential feed quite a bit, which saves me loads of time easing and gathering. there is a learning curve on this serger, which is probably true of any serger, but it came all set up with multicolor thread, and that was very helpful in learning how to balance stitches. if you have poor mechanical and troubleshooting skills, maybe its better to get it at a sewing store so you can get help, but i did not need any help at all, since the dvd was crystal clear. i use fancy threads through the loopers and all that. sometimes i do wish i had purchased a fancier serger with the cover stitch, so i could do some special effects that are in some advanced books. i do not know if i would have used those features or not, and do not know how much complexity that would have added to the learning process. if you sew knits or slippery fabrics like satin, a serger will eliminate so many headaches for you. i am very glad i took the plunge and got one, and this was a great first serger for me.

REVIEW 166: i have not had this machine for quite a week yet, but i love it. it came prethreaded with multicolored test thread and the tension adjusted. did not expect that, so it made it handy for just doing the knotted thread switch over to my standard white. excited to try the different presser feet. this runs a good deal faster than my singer serger which also happens to be  years old. my only complaint about this machhine is that unlike my singer serger, the brother does not have a handle. and as much as i have to move my machines around, a handle can be very handy. but other than that, i am loving it

REVIEW 167: i am totally new to sewing and especially using a serger. even though it was the first time i was seeing a serger in front of me, i was completely at ease and was able to use it right away. of course, the machine came already threaded, but still i was amazed at how easy it was to use it. i definitely recommend it to anyone considering buying one for home use. it does the job, it looks nice, and it is very light to carry around. two thumbs up

REVIEW 168: since using my new serger, i have been sewing even more than i expected. the brother d has been a great purchase. the price was appropriate. the directions were a little confusing at first, however, using the cds that were included answered many questions. there are also tutorials on line if you need more assistance. very pleased with my purchase. i would highly reccomend it to anyone.

REVIEW 169: i can say it was a good gift , after look for a good price and good brand finally i got it here i can recommend my wife still very happy with her toy hahaha

REVIEW 170: i have been wanting a serger for a long time and finally decided to splurge on myself and use christmas money for a serger this year.  i did my research and finally settled on this one after reading several good reviews. this is the perfect serger for anyone wanting to take the next step with their sewing. i was intimidated at first, but the instruction manual and dvd were very clear and easy to follow and i was serging like a pro in no time. i absolutely love the color coded threading guide and makes threading extremely easy. i definitely recommend this product for anyone who is looking for a first time serger

REVIEW 171: i have not had this machine very long. i gave it  stars because, right out of the box, i could use it. the dvds are great. i have another expensive serger that has been a thorn in my side from day one. i purchased this serger because of the reviews i have read. i have done more on this machine in the two days i have spent learning it, than i did in the  years i owned the other one. this one is not fancy, it does not have all of the bells and whistles, but i am delighted with it. and, amazon had the absolute best price around for this machine. i checked.

REVIEW 172: just received the brother d  layin thread serger and i am loving it i still have much to learn, but the brother website is very helpful with a step by step on your questions. made two blanket throws in less than an hour. i would definitely recommend this machine.

REVIEW 173: this is my first serger ever and i am hooked it is easy to use, takes regular sewing machine needles and can take regular thread spools. its a little bit overwhelming having never used a serger in my life, but i am teaching myself to use it with the manual and have already made a dress, pants and a shirt for my kids. a word of warning though, the manual seems to give the wrong threading order. when i threaded the machine according to the instructions in the manual, it did not work properly, the thread got tangled when i tried to sew. so, i tried it from right to left, following the diagrams on the machine itself and everything worked beautifully i am looking forward to learning all of the many things my brother d can do

REVIEW 174: this machine like all brother products is the best buy for the money. always top quality, reliable and a pleasure to use.

REVIEW 175: this serger is everything it says it is. it is easy to use for a beginner like me, and does beautiful sewing. i have no regrets whatsoever. the price was the best i have seen. awesome product

REVIEW 176: i had an old singer and it was an effort to thread and i wrestled with it from the beginning  this was a piece of cake, quiet and works awesome. i sewed  grocery bags for christmas presents, a fleece robe, flannel pjs and rolledged  napkins in the last two weeks and i am very please at what i got for the price. i did have to mess with the tension for the rolled hem  but that is expected for each material weight. the suggested setting was a great starting place. manual was easy to understand.

REVIEW 177: even though i have only had this serger a few weeks, i have found it very helpful in helping me create professional looking garments. the machine is easy to thread, especially with the color coordinated diagrams. i am still learning through the use of the videos, which i find most helpful. all in all i am most pleased with the serger.

REVIEW 178: this serger has been an excellent value. the instruction cd and book are helpful. the threading looks intimidating at first, but its really not hard if you follow the instruction book. similarly, the myriad adjustments look intimidating, but they are fully explained on the cd andor in the book. i am very pleased with my purchase.

REVIEW 179: so far, so good. i am using it to sew three bridesmaid dresses and my wedding dress. its easy to thread and has not hesitated on any of the dresses so far. i do worry about how long this machine will last since it seems to be mostly plastic. very different from my moms serger. however, i cannot complain for the price. it does the job.

REVIEW 180: my wife has always wanted a serger... she had pointed this one our about a month before christmas... but it was not in the cards until after christmas this year. so, we ordered it. she was excited it arrived and she was like a kid on christmas morning... now, she is able to serge her seams  something she has always wanted to do....

REVIEW 181: i have intermediate sewing experience and have used several machines in the past. so my issues with this serger has got nothing to do with incorrect threading or tensions. this serger worked just fine for   months and now i cannot get to serge even  inches of length without having to rethread. i am never going to buy machines from amazon even if they are  cheaper on amazon. in the last  years, my serger, sewing machine,  cameras and printer all have had problems although i bought them all new and had seen good product reviews. and if i need to get it fixed, there is additional amount involved with shipping etc. i so wish i had spent a little more and just bought from a local store.

REVIEW 182: okay so yeah if i had not already used this i would return it. why, well first its loud and noisy even with proper oiling its loudi bought this machine to use as a second serger to my small apron business. i figured it would be easy to thread for those aprons i choose to change the color of the thread. well, yes it is easy to thread and adjust. but, the negatives about this machine out weigh the positives. secondly, the knife does not not adjust on this machine unless you totally do not use it. third, the feed dog on this machine is rough to thinner fabrics and can easily rip your fabric. even with adjusting the pressure to the feed dog. thirdly, the engineering of this machine makes it easy for the fabric that is being cut to fall in the machine and jam it. a real painmy juki far outweighs this machine in both engineering and ease of use. and yes i would love the opportunity to return this machine

REVIEW 183: this is very good machine to use at and small business. i love its the machine and the way amazon. com run their business very fast  on time. and the most important is no tax, and low shipping fee. thank you brother and amazon. com

REVIEW 184: unfortunately product is good there are many problems i did not expect this thing of a large company such as brother, i hope to improve these problems

REVIEW 185: i bought this serger and was very excited to get started learning to serge this weekend but when i took it out of the box i cannot even plug it in...it has a foreign plug it does not say anything about this in the description. so now i am stuck either sending the whole thing back or finding an adapter that will convert a european plug to an american one. there are a lot of converters out there that will go the other way, convert american to anything else, but i have not found one yet that will convert european to american...unless i buy one at amazon...is not that convenient for them

REVIEW 186: this machine is supposed to be v, but the one that amazon sent is a v machine. cannot be used in us. not advised to use an adaptor plug no where on item description does it state v, but it is amazon refunding me, but i have to pay shipping disappointed with amazon. will not buy from them again

REVIEW 187: the product itself if great,however i am in australia and nowhere in this description does it say its not suitable for au buyersi have had to purchase a new peddle that is suitable in australia. not happy

REVIEW 188: i purchased this item as a christmas gift so it is a little to soon to give a hands on review, but from the  or so reviews that i have read this is the best one on the market.

REVIEW 189: i was looking to buy my very first serger after all these years. i went with the brother d serger based on all the positive reviews. boy was i mistaken. after i watched the demo which ran fine on my vista x and read the instructions i set it up and tried it out. the first thing i noticed was that the machines motor ran rough and felt and sounded really poorly made. that is a big strike for me. the next thing that i noticed was how awkward the placement of the controls were. they were not intuitive to use if you have ever used a regular sewing machine before. in a nutshell, i did not like the feel of it, i did not enjoy using it and i did not think it would last very long before breaking down. i returned it the same day i received it. i know this is a budget serger but even so i was quite underwhelmed and will be looking for a different brand.

REVIEW 190: when i received my brother d serger i was so excited until i tried to view the instructional cd that was enclosed. it was not compatible with my windows vista and when i asked brother for a copy of the free instructional video tape they advertised in my packaging materials, i was told that it was only a promotional item and was no longer available. they gave me a  number to contact for help. i will not call a  number as you must pay a large sum to use those numbers. therefore, i have not been able to use my machine at this time. i am having my first grandchild soon and was hoping to make some baby things utilizing the serger. looks like i am stuck with a machine i cannot use. i am not happy.

REVIEW 191: i am an experienced sewist and bought this machine to keep from having to repeatedly change threads. the fatal flaw with this machine is that the lower loopers thread path design is such that the thread slips out every  minutes ruining the tension requiring the seam to be resewn. does anyone know of a remedy other than this serious problem, i really like the machine. its powerful, tension is great, easy to thread, easy to buy parts online, informative instructional cd and for you new sewists, follow threading instructions exactly to avoid frustration , and is definitely good value. brother needs to change the design, but its still a good machine and i am glad i have it.

REVIEW 192: id always heard that sergers were hard to learn, and hard to thread  but once i got over my initial fear, it just was not so. threading is mostly self explanatory, though its hard to distinguish blue from green for the looper paths. experience is the best teacher. experiment with scrap fabric, using the same stitches, thread and tensions as for your finished product. you will soon love what this serger can do

REVIEW 193: i have been sewing since i was a teenager who discovered my grandmothers machine was what my mother was using as a nightstand,, i have gone through  or  different single needle machine and have made quite a few nice things to wear as well as things for my home,, but one afternoon with the brother serger and i cannot see how i ever survived without a serger,, not just garment seams but seams for home decor go together so easily and perfectly and of course so securely which eliminates the worry that at some point in a night of dancing your seam will come apart. the knife that cuts the fabric as you sew is awe inspiring for anyone who is never used a serger.. i do advise taking on a simple pattern or project to get used to the machine as the functions will take some getting used to,, ie the first one i did had gathers and then you were to sew the top and bottom together with the gathered piece in between and i missed some of the middle fabric and ripping serged seams is not a good time.. threading really is not bad if you give your self time, it comes set up with different colored threads already threaded so if you plan to just use the  thread overlock all you need to do is remove spools on the stands, snip off and tie on the new threads and away you go , even rethreading is not so bad if you take your time to learn what you are supposed to do. the fabric catcher tray seems like a flimsy throw away or lose thing but its fantastic and catches all of the fabric the knife cuts while sewing. one of the features i like best about this particular machine is that you can use either overlock thread cones or regular thread spools .. really like that since my nearest fabric store has a limited variety of overlock thread and a fantastic selection of regular thread spools.

REVIEW 194: for the price i do not think you can beat this serger. this replaced an old singer serger that sadly finally quit. i thought it would be hard to give my heart to another but in no time at all, i began to get that old feeling this machine is nice and heavy and works like a dream. threading is not a piece of cake but its not that bad either. i really feel lucky that this brother and i found each other and i can love again.

REVIEW 195: my wife loved this serger. it is very well made, and does any job she is tasked it with thus far. it also makes it easy for beginners to figure out the serger, which is not an easy featid highly recommend

REVIEW 196: after reading many reviews and trying one out at my local brother dealer, i purchased this one at amazon. the price was great and it did everything that was advertised. i recommend this product and all brother sewingembroydery machines. like they say, brother, always at your side

REVIEW 197: i have owned this serger for  years and it gets a work out. i sew simple bags for kids for missions but do over  a year. i run the machine hard and several hours a day when i sew. i have never had a problem with it except for the light bulb which finally burned out and of course replacing blades. the machine holds its tension settings. i had a singer before this one and constantly had to adjust tension. for the money, this is a good reliable easy to thread and to use machine.

REVIEW 198: took me some time to get around to it, but once i got it out of the box it was easy peasy... the  cds were quite inspiring and helpful. threading was intimidating, at first, but that is only temporary. its easier than i thought. would recommend it as a first machine as there are so many uses for it, and its easy to learn on. l. e.

REVIEW 199: after a little research, i purchased this serger. many years ago i was taught on a very old professional model. this was nothing like that. if you can use a simple, modern sewing machine then you can use this. the instructions are simple and thread layout is drawn on the machine but i guess that is common now with newer machines. nice. i only gave it  stars as i feel it could be a little sturdier, but honestly for the price it deserves . okay just changed it i wish it could serge multiple layers of heavy fabric denim, ect. i have owned mine almost a year now and have no complaints.

REVIEW 200: wanted a serger for a long time, the reviews seemed good so i thought i would send for one, wonder why i did not get one before. as i have not used one till now i do not have one to compare with but after getting the thread in the correct order i find it quite easy to use, have a lot more techniques to learn but eager to use it. my granddaughters were amazed at it also. at the moment i am using the three thread overlock and can see how much neater it is than a regular zigzag that i have been using all these years. one thing that would have helped is if the video picture format was larger or could be viewed on the tv as i cannot see this very easily watching it on the computer, some of us do not have such good eyesight anymore. overall good little machine, good price and easy to use, would recommend it.

REVIEW 201: i used this serger heavily for about a year. as time progressed, it seemed like the tension was getting weaker and weaker and i had to keep adjusting it up. then, while i was changing the needles, the needle clamp broke. all i did was try to tighten the clamp with the little hex wench and it snapped into pieces. its made of cheap and brittle plastic. i tried to remove the needle thread guide the metal piece that wraps around the needle bar to get a better look at what was broken. the screw that holds the thread guide in place is made of cheap soft metal and was almost impossible to remove without stripping. i ended up having to buying a new needle clamp online still waiting for it to arrive and a new screw for the thread guide from the hardware store.

REVIEW 202: this machine comes with very easy to read instructions and an extra booklet on different serger techniques to use on various types of fabrics. i am very, very pleased with my new and first serger. it also uses standard sewing machine needles, so there is no hunting for special needles. the trim trap is very handy as it collects all the fabric debris right as you are sewing. excellent buy and very much worth the price

REVIEW 203: this is a fantastic serger. i have had  other sergers before this,and each was a pain to thread. not this baby. like night and day. changing thread colours is no longer a dreaded hour long process. sews great. quiet. no problems. totally recommend. i sold all my other ones and got this one, so happy i did

REVIEW 204: the days of singer being the leader when it comes to sewing machines and accessories may be coming to an end. i bought a singer sewing machine and returned it within the week as it was difficult to use and malfunctioned often. i replaced it with a brother. the same thing happened when it came to this wonderful serger. i initially bought a singer pro series but was very unhappy. i returned it and ordered this one and could not be more pleasedthis machine works like a dream, is very user friendly, and came with several useful accessories and training videos. i was happily serging within  minutes of it arriving from amazon. my advice, do not waste your time or money on any of the other entry level brands...brother wins my vote

REVIEW 205: got this serger for my wife and daughter to use as a gift. it took no time to set up and get going with various projects my wife and daughter had started. you do need to use quality thread or you can have tension problems with any sewing device. one issue that because some minor delays is to make sure you have the thread support bar fully extended. you will have all kinds of problems you think are machine related but are due to this bar not fully estended. that said, the wife and daughter are having fun with this high quality product from the good people at brother. it does everything they require and at a price that makes it very affordable.

REVIEW 206: i have just started sewing and just used this machine to make baby items for my first grandchild. i was apprehensive about threading it, but it was not bad at all. it sews beautifully and so fast. a really good buy for the money.

REVIEW 207: i have been wanting a serger for years. about  years ago, i bought one, but could not figure out how to thread it and ended up donating it. well, when my sewing machine died, my husband ordered a new one here and bought the serger too. it is the coolest sewing product i have ever owned. for one thing, threading it is a breeze the dvds that came with it were amazingly detailed and easy to follow. this machine comes with a lot of extras that i really liked like a trim trap and extra feet. how did i ever sew without iti cannot recommend it enough. its sturdier than you would think, easy to use, and just plain wonderful. you must get it. seriously.

REVIEW 208: i have a brother embroidery machine and love it, so after shopping several sewing shops and retailers, decided to order the brother online. i could not beat the price or reviews. the reviews are right. it arrives threaded w color thread to show you how to thread it. i rethreaded the machine and it worked perfect first time. very easy to thread. i have used it now for a few weeks and my projects look so much more professional just love it

REVIEW 209: i have been sewing for  years and needed to replace my serger. i wanted a reliable brand name and set high end  knowing i could do it and still get quality and simplicity in operation. i shop amazon online all the time and have never had a bad experience. i chose the brother after comparison shopping, they have been around for a long time and have a good reputation, the price was right, it arrived within  days, instructions were well defined and i was sewing within  minutes.

REVIEW 210: purchased this item after reading such awesome reviews  being a newbie to the world of serging. first thought upon opening the box this thing is cheap very much like a childs home sewing machine, the parts are a whimsy plastic and far from sturdy. the machine itself epic fail. having my own clothing line, i am well aware of how to use a machine or two. i also am well aware of how to read an instruction manual prior to using, as i always do. this being said, i attempted every single thing this machine promised to deliver and came to the conclusion that it is subpar, at best. the seams are not even, the needle in the lower looper continuously drops the thread midproject, leaving me with these hideous gaps. the tension guidelines in the users manuel are completely off, so make sure to try every single seam on a piece of scrap material first. bottom line waste of  on my part i prefer something more sturdy, reliable, and efficient. this is good for homesewers who are not planning to sell any of the finished product, but definitely not for those who want a superprofessional finish. use common sense, there is a legitimate reason why this machine is priced far lower than other sergers on the market you get what you pay forand the kicker i contacted brother about this issue and was told that it sounds like it needs repair, as this is common... less than  days after i purchased it. quite frankly, i am not interested in this brand any longer stick to typewriters and leave the sewing machines to janome  singer

REVIEW 211: keep the sewing to the standard, any you will do aok. though mac folks beware, the instruction cd comes only for the pc you can read the content... just not the viewing orderinteractive parts  be sure to call brother to request the video version of the instructions... if you are mechanically inclined.. you will not too much of the instructions to get started... but it will be helpful with the inevitable troubleshooting.

REVIEW 212: ....unless, of course, you love to thread and rethread your serger. i have had this machine for many months now and it has design flaws that are extremely annoying. first, if you are serging a narrow seam, the scrap fabric goes inside machine. so, it requires that you constantly open the door and clean out the scraps and debris left behind from the material. second, the lower looper thread breaks often the thread is inserted through a slide out mechanism that is supposed to make life easier, however, the thread gets stuck after a couple hours of serging and breaks off. so, you have to stop, rip your partial seam and rethread. its very tricky to get the thread inserted properly so that it does not break again, and again, and again. by the way, the first of these sergers i received froze up after  minutes of use. i returned that and replaced it with this one. should have purchased another brand. i have a brother disney embroidery machine that is also absolute junk. will never buy another brother product.

REVIEW 213: i bought this serger with never having owned one before. i had  to replace my sewing machine and invest in a serger. i did not want to cheat my self on a sewing machine and since owning a serger would be a luxury item for me i decided to invest a larger amount towards the sewing machine and opt for a low end serger. i got to know my serger while making reciving blankets for my soon to be expected boy. within days, i was a comfortable with this machine as my janome sewing machine i had also purchased and was soon making clothing, bags, jackets and so forth. i opened an etsy shop and have used the two machines consistently since. i have used and abused it. i take it apart every six months and clean it. the only trouble i had with it was to be expected give the use, was the presser foot was no longer holding the foot down. i am a doityourselfer, so i took it apart and followed the shaft up you would see a plastic white part that presses the foot down. the plastic was worn from use but could be adjusted to make contact once again. also, do yourself a favor and do not mess with the timing. it is almost impossible to resync. i am very happy with the performance of this machine,brother d  layin thread sergerover a long period of time and a ton of projects..

REVIEW 214: i bought this machine to serge seams on dresses. i have been sewing for years and was ready to kick it up a notch. the product took  weeks to receive, although, we did have a freak snow that i think delayed it. i immediately pulled the spools and threads off and tried to thread it with my white thread. big mistake do not touch this machine until you have watched the cd it took me  hours to figure out how to thread the machine when all i had to do was tie my thread to the already threaded colored spools if i had not pulled them off. i wanted to jump out of a window. the video is very helpful but it does not show much about adjusting the tensions for particular problems. i used the manual for that and i am still not  sure i got it right. threading the lower thread is by far the most difficult. it is easy to mess threading up and it is intimidating. now that i have finally figured it out, i think i could do it again. i advise only opening the box when you have  hours and are feeling patient to figure it out. i was rushing during my sons nap and hoping to get as much done as i could before he woke up. i should have waited for when he went to bed... and i had a glass of wine. now that its up and running, the seam is nice, crisp and its easy to use. i think i will use this white thread until it is absolutely necessary to change colors... i am already dreading having to thread it again

REVIEW 215: i purchased this model in , and have used it occasionally. it was having problems this year, so i took it in to a local shop, who charged me a hundred dollars to fix it, but told me this model just plain wears out faster and that it was a poor purchase. seems like it would be worth it to spend twice the price on a better serger not a brother and maintain it half as often. i am very disappointed.

REVIEW 216: this machine is a great addition to the sewing room. if you are a sewing person that makes active wear or expensive garments, this a machine to have side by side with your sewing machine. it makes seams and hems so perfect. and it is not hard to use at all, once you read all the product information.

REVIEW 217: needed a new hobby and decided on a activity that actually produces tangible prizes easy set up, dvds not osx compatible though was able to watch all of the dvd videos on quicktime first day modified  mens pieces so they actually fit the body, as all mens ready to wear is sloppy, no more slop nd day modified additional pieces and am very happy i chose this over a video game

REVIEW 218: i purchased this serger and i have never used one but thought it would be a cool piece of equipment to add to my sewing room. i was intimidated by it at first. but now that i have learned to thread the monster its not so bad. took me about  tries to get everything in there correctly, i would forget one step and have to start over, but once i got it threaded it worked great. so then i unthreaded and rethreaded  or  more times and it got easier each time. it sews great and is easy to operate. i would recommed this serger.

REVIEW 219: i have been wanting a serger for a while and i am very happy with this model. it takes a while to learn how to use it, but that is pretty standard with any sewing machine, kind of like driving someone elses car. the videos it comes with were very helpful to get started. it comes threaded but one of the threads was broken which i discovered when i tried to use it, so i spent the first night learning how to rethread the thing. the videos definitely helped my frustration as threading any kind of serger is complicated especially if you have never had one before.

REVIEW 220: afetr owning  previous sergers   white,  husqvarna, this is the best of the lot. the others were more expensive and harder to use. this one is a dream. also, for . shipping, i had it in less than  hours. i love it

REVIEW 221: i have been an avid sewer for years. i have always balked at the thought of spending the money for a serger. after reading the reviews here, i decided to take a chance on this machine, and have been delighted. it is truly easy to thread for a serger. the directions are concise and the thread path is shown on the machine. recently i was in a shop selling a well known, high end serger. i asked for a demo of the threading on it. this  dollar machine was a nightmare to thread compared to this simple brother. it does not have all the bells and whistles of more expensive machines, but it does what it advertises very well. i feel it was an excellent investment for the price. i gave it a five star recommendation on the capabilities of this machine. i am sure there are more expensive machines that may do more, but for the cost, this is a  star purchase.

REVIEW 222: i love this machine. i had a serger before and did not use it very much, it did not sew well and was hard to thread. the brother d is a dream to thread and sews beautifully. i sew alot and this machine does the job. i enjoy sewing with it very much and would recommend it to anyone.

REVIEW 223: i was afraid of trying serger. i have been sewing for  years, i do not know what i was afraid of, but buying serger did not even come to mind before. i was big fan of singer since my first sewing machine, never bother to buy any other. but recently my newer version singer kept breaking down on me. so i decided to have one extra for a spare. then idea of buying serger came across. i was going to buy martha stewart recommended singer one first, but after i read amazon reviews, it seemed brother one was more popular. having  thread spools made me freeze, but it was not hard at all if you watch the instruction cd first. so i tried this little machine for the first time and could not believe how easy it was to use, finish of the product looks way more professional i tied another thread when i first change the color of thread, just like in cd, but my thread broke. i put in new one but did not read my instruction that you must change certain spool first. so my stitch was not coming good at first, but after i read the instructions on how to change the tread, i knew what went wrong, after then, it was piece of cake. now, i am using this machine not as spare, but as my first choice. only the thought of regret is why did not i try it earlier anyway, this deal was so incredibly low price, may be now is a best time to buy it anyway, serger used to be such an expensive machine.

REVIEW 224: i purchased this serger a month or so ago. i have never used a serger before, so i took a class at a local shop to learn more about how to use it. the instructor had never seen this serger and was very impressed with it she said it did exactly what her  serger did at a fraction of the cost. it serges and does rolled hems beautifully. i have only completely rethreaded once, but it did seem to be fairly easy. i think this is a great machine for the money.

REVIEW 225: i have used in the past an singer serger. i love how the brother d was easy to learn and work with. in no time i was using my machine like i have known it for the longest time. i am still learning about the different stitches and i know i have a way to go, but so far i love my serger.

REVIEW 226: i have not had any problem rethreading it, but i would not want to have to do it every day. it does take a little bit of time.

REVIEW 227: i have never owned nor operated a serger before i bought this machine, but i have wanted one for years. i found the threading process to be a lot easier that i was expecting, and after doing it twice with the instructional manual, i could do it fine wout. everything is pretty well explained, and nothing seems all that complicated. i have made regular serged seams as well as ruffles so easy and rolled edge hems on all sorts of fabrics. operation is smooth and quick, and it is nice to have the option to use regular thread spools i got black and white serger thread cones at walmart for about the same price as a regular spool of thread, though. i love making such professional looking seams it is particularly nice with frayprone fabric and childrens clothing. it should be noted, however, that the serger i originally received was a refurbished model missing a few of the extra attachments, and it did not work. amazon was great i contacted them, was told that i should not have received a refurbished model especially one that did not even work, and they immediately shipped me out a new machine, which i received in record time. very smoothly handled with minimal aggravation. the new machine is perfect.

REVIEW 228: after  years my serger started giving me problems while trying to make a very simple gift for my daughter. my husband said to pick one out and order it for my birthday gift. no problem i read all the reviews and decided to go with the brother d. i placed the order on saturday, it was shipped that monday, and it arrived today, two days later. amazon and usps, i am very impressed. i live in the you. s. virgin islands, and most times i wait weeks for a package. it is now four hours later and i have watched the cd, tested many seams on many fabrics and finished the gift for my daughter. threading, changing seam width, length, going to rolled edge is so much easier than my old serger. and tension adjustments, they work as the manual states. i am not used to that. i used to have to play for hours with knobs and moving the seam width to get the desired edge finish. i wish i had purchased this long ago. i will update after having for a few monthsbrother d  layin thread serger.

REVIEW 229: a great overlock machine with great instuctional manual of how to set it up, fix problems. comes with spools or thread to start you off, but invest in some sergeroverlock spools as they are very small and will get you through a small project. read the instructions and you will not have any problems, love iti especially love how you can remove a peice to be able to do arm holes or other small peices.

REVIEW 230: this is the first serger i have ever purchased, and i am incredibly glad i chose this one. it works exactly as described. its simple enough for a beginner to learn to use, yet does not cheap out in any way. i highly recommend this product.

REVIEW 231: great product. works like a dream. fast delivery. i use it almost every day and not a problem. i have never used a surger before, it came with a computer program that teaches you how to use it. very easy to learn

REVIEW 232: i ordered the brother serger sewing machine to replace an old onethat i had given to my sister for her to learn on. i wasvery pleased with how quickly my serger was delivered and how easyit was to thread and sew with. i was happily sewing along when i wentto raise the presser foot and the handle broke i was right in the midstof finish some christmas pajamas....i called amazon and they very politely and quickly gave me the address ofthe nearest repairman in my area and paid to get it fixed, no hassles ordelays. i would not hesitate to buy this machine, it sews very well, quietand smooth.....just do not put too much tork on the presser foot handle becauseit is made of plastic. other than that i really like the machine and look forward to many yearsof use.

REVIEW 233: i have been sewing for  years with various standard machines... now i primarily use my mothers trusty singer featherweight, circa . best machine i ever owned but i am starting to branch out and sell my sewing projects, and felt like i needed a serger for a more professional look. everyone said it will change your life but i was scared by the stories of threading nightmares, etc. decided to take the plunge on this brother machine based on the price, but mostly because of the rave reviews. i think ill be very happy with it. the threading was not really hard at all... i just followed the steps that are right on the machine and consulted the manual a couple of times. did not look at the dvd was not sure if it would work on my mac. tried it out on several fabrics and it looked pretty good i cannot wait to try the different stitches. plus kudos to amazon for a great price and fantastic service it arrived in five days. update i have since taken a class one threehour session to get some handson training... this was very helpful in deciphering the manual and all the attachments and understanding exactly what functions this machine can do. i still have had no issues in threading, but now i know better how to adjust the tension to make the perfect stitch. ill reiterate that its a great machine for the money.

REVIEW 234: i had read many good reviews about this serger and decided to give it a try. i am not disappointed, it is a great little serger for the money. i started serging within an hour of receiving it. i had an older baby lock that was difficult to thread and the threads were constantly breaking. you can imagine the frustration. i can easily thread this serger in a matter of minutes, such a bonus the booklets offer specific directions about how to use the serger for various functions. i am hoping to spend the a day discovering all that this machine offers. i gave it only  stars because the telescoping thread holder seems flimsy and might break easily which means doing a work around. however, so far so good. do not hestitate to give this serger a try.

REVIEW 235: i have had the serger for about a month and love it. i watched the videos and read the manual before doing anything and was fully prepared to sew. i have had no trouble treading the machinei generally tie on new thread instead of starting from scratch. the lower looper thread did break once because i was experimenting with tension, and i had to rethread itno problems. i have been sewing for years, but this is my first experience with a serger. i would recommend it for someone new to serging.

REVIEW 236: this serger came already threaded and in different colours too which was awesome because i wanted to start using it without having to figure out how to thread it first. i could easily figure out how to work the basic parts of the machine foot lever, foot press. i have a bit of prior knowledge already as i have used the juki serger before. the brother machine made noise but it was not deafening. the machine is also quite light and easy to move around. the only problem i have had with it is that once i cut the thread after serging,i need to leave more thread to finish off as it unravels easily.

REVIEW 237: there is a lot been said on the previous reviews that have been published, so ill cut to the chase, get this machine, you will not be disappointed i have not regretted buying this machine from kens sewing and vacuum center, it was on special, and it has been a great addition to my sewing room, go ahead and do it

REVIEW 238: probably not what you want if you are a professional sewer, but for someone just learning to use a seger and for hobby sewing it is great. what a deal for such a great little machine. i would however strongly recommend buying directly trough amazon...i had a problematic experience with a vendor in the amazon marketplace, it was not worth the couple of dollars i saved, just deal directly with amazon if you can.

REVIEW 239: i have made several garments since receiving my d. its awesome i have a small at home business that has recently picked up. my brother handles the work load well, no shakingvibrating or any other inconveniences. at the beginning it took my a little while to adjust my tension to what suits my machine best, but after i got it right...smooth sailing

REVIEW 240: i am loving this machine i also got theserger secrets highfashion techniques for creating greatlooking clotheswith it and i am doing a lot of stuff i started sewing for about  months, so i am still a beginner, but this machine is just so easy machine to operate i totally recommend

REVIEW 241: i had never used a serger, inspite of sewing for many years and even owning a sewing business i had just never needed one. i have been getting more knits in and doll clothes to match little girls dresses lately so i thought it might be a good investment. i read the reviews and they were accurate. it does not do everything, but it is a very good starter. easier to use than i expected, including the threading. i am still getting used to the tension, but its only been a month. i loved that it came threaded and wdifferent colors so i could see where the threads are going and i did not have to try and thread it right out of the box. i am not having a problem wthe machine walking. and the vibrations from the machine are not to bad. the dvds are definately better at explaining how to do things than the instructions, so keep a laptop near by. i would recommend this serger, especially for beginners.

REVIEW 242: i have always wanted one of these for a long time. after reading the reviews about this model on amazon, i felt confident enough to take the plunge. i received it on time as promised. it was all set up and ready to go straight out of the box. i was a little frustrated the first time i had to change threads, but my hubby talked me through it and now i can do it myself. i can see its important to cleanbrush out the threadingcutting area after or before each use, which is no problem to do. brother is an excellent brand with a good reputation, and i am glad i bought this model.

REVIEW 243: this serger is a great serger to start with i have never used a serger before and love it very easy to thread and use. the cds  manual are very good. the first night i used it, i learned to thread it, do a rolled hem,  thread serge, and use the gathering foot it comes with i highly recommend this serger

REVIEW 244: this machine does as advertised and more. this is an excellent buy for the price, and is hard to beat. easy loading for all four threads, smooth operating, and fairly compact. another machine that compares costs about eight times as much. very happy with this serger, and would recommend it to anybody.

REVIEW 245: i am currently taking fashion design courses at my local community college to improve my sewing skills. because we have to be speedy, my usual methods of finishing seams french, hong kong, etc. were taking up too much time...the profs want us to just use the overlock machine. problem there are only  overlock machines in the lab, always a line waiting to use them, and it is not always convenient to drive over to the school just to finish the seams. i wanted an inexpensive and basic serger that i could use at home. i did not need it to thread itself. i did not want fancy bells and whistles. i just wanted it for finishing my seams. i have had it for a month and have used it for four garments and i am very pleased with it. it is certainly easier to use than the industrial machines in the labprosgreat price for what you getcompact sizeeasy to usei was playing with it within  minutes of taking it out of the boxeasy to thread because of the onmachine color guidelineshas a nice overlock stitch that finishes seams quite wellconsvery plastickythe worst being the flimsy thread tree that is plastic instead of metalno case or handlejust a soft plastic cover similar to the old plastic typewriter coversit does have a tendency to scoot with the vibration...not a lot but i have to return it to its original location on the table frequently really a minor issueinstructions can be kind of sketchy...read and reread completely...information you need may be further down the line to be fair, i have not watched the cdit says it is for pc and i have a macif you are looking for a starter serger for a reasonable price, this is a great place to start

REVIEW 246: i have only been sewing about a year. i have beautiful brother innovis  for my sewing machine, but i really wanted to to try a serger and could not justify spending the cash on a serger like i did my sewing machine. i love my brother and trust their products. after reading many of the reviews on the d i went for it. do not get me wrong  i was scared. i heard stories about how hard it is to use sergers and how difficult they are to thread. like other reviewers, i unpacked it, looked over the manual, watched all the videos and got going. i even took some extra pictures of it threaded so i had them for reference for when i needed to thread it. i felt comfortable with the machine in a couple of hours. i also used my label maker to label the thread paths and side controls to make it more user friendly for me. i started my first project simple pillow cases and the sample thread broke. i took all the thread out and rethreaded it with my own thread. it took me just a few minutes to do it the first time. i thought, why do people make such a big deal out of this my only suggestion is for brother to improve the video so there are closer shots showing the detailed areas when threading and the manual could be better, but both are ok and not so bad they will stop you. enjoy

REVIEW 247: this machine does everything it is advertised to do, and the instructions and video are foolproof. i have not used a serger in over  years and was afraid i had forgotten all the tricks for threading and serging, but this machine makes it so easy its also pretty quiet for how fast it is i could still have a conversation without shouting and it does not get too hot as some cheaper machines do i was able to sew and sew until i was done

REVIEW 248: this is my first brother serger. i do not know why i was so reluctant to even try a brother. this is the best machine i have had. as i said, no bells, no whistles, but it does the work. i would definitly buy it again, and would have  actually  should have bought this before i spent all kinds of money on another brand. thank you amazon for having it for sale.

REVIEW 249: this is a great little machine, particularly when the price is factored in. even without watching the dvd, i managed to figure out how to thread it using the book, and for my basic finishing projects, i am set i have not tried to move beyond anything other than just these basics, but i have high hopes based on the use so far. are there machines that do more and might be a bit better, sure. but for beginnersnovice sewers, or people at any level who just need a basic machine for simple finishing work, i think this is a great machine.

REVIEW 250: never having used a serger before i was amazed at how easy this on is to set up compared to others i have seen. it is so easy to use, i wish i had gotten one sooner. it comes already threaded so all you need to do is follow the path to learn to thread the machine. there are a couple of instructional cds that come with it, they are great. i recommend viewing them if you have never used a serger before. also, the next day shipping was well worth the cost...the money i saved on the purchase price paid for the shipping

REVIEW 251: i love this machine. the setup seemed overwhelming at first, but after reading through the manual, it was super simple. i have been using it almost every day for the past month or so, and it has not given me any problems.

REVIEW 252: its easy to thread, use and is ready out of the box. the only downside is it squeals like a pig...a very loud pig. even when you go slow. at first i thought that id forgotten to oil something but nope, its just loud. i will not return it because other than the noise, it serges like a dream.

REVIEW 253: my husband bought this machine for me about a year and a half ago it was on my wish list. anyway it is exactly what i needed. i am a long time seamstress and have used dozens of sergers over the years, and this little honey does it all. it worked perfectly right out of the box, granted i know what i am doing, still that does not guarantee a sewing machine will be cooperative. one huge surprise has been that this machine is easy for my daughters to use as well, they are ages ,  and . granted they are not threading it, but they do not hesitate to sit down and finish the edges of their h projects at all. the first couple of times they were nervous about the blade, but the last time my middle daughter cut a pattern out, she had a little excess fabric hanging off of one piece and i told her to get the scissors, and she told me not to worry the serger would snip it right off finger snap. so there you go, out of the mouths of babes. threading any serger is a real pain in the fanny, this one is no different. but the directions in the manual are very good, just follow them to the letter. so if you buy this serger or any serger for that matter put the instruction manual in a safe place and where you can grab it quickly.

REVIEW 254: i bought this serger because i was working a lot with knits. i am new to serging but as a beginner i think this is a great machine. if you read and refer back to the directions it is easy to use and quick to adjust. there are pictures of different stitch issues and ways to solve them. even though i had never used a serger before i was comfortable using it within a couple of hours and have since used it for knits and wovens, for gathering, rolled edges, and finishing seams. so far i have had no problems with it that could not be solved by referring back to the directions and making the recommended adjustments.

REVIEW 255: i just received this serger last weekend for my birthday. i have been sewing consistently for the last three years, and felt like i was ready for a serger, but they scare me. i wanted a beginners serger  not something super expensive and complicated. after reading the reviews, i hinted with a link of this serger and low and behold  it was wrapped up for my birthday i watched the very outdated and yet humorous cdrom that came with the serger. it was super helpful in learning how to thread the serger, start sewing with it, and different ways to use it. i think that tutorial was super helpful if you take the time to watch the whole thing. i feel very comfortable using the machine and have even made a few things since i got it. i have had no problems or issues with it at all. i think for someone starting out serging, it is the perfect machine at a great price. it flows easily, and serges beautifully. i paid xs the amount for a great sewing machine that i constantly use, and i am glad to finally have my serger

REVIEW 256: i wanted to wait a while before giving a review on this machine. i have heard nothing but fantastic reviews for this serger, and after using it i understand why. one of my initial concerns was that it would be difficult to thread. i hear nightmares about the length of time that requires, but this machine is not as bad as sergers are made out to be. granted, i do not enjoy changing the threads everytime i want to switch colors, but it is not hard. before this machine, i was a total novice in the serger world, and this has made me want to get the coverhem to continue. my stiches have been amazing. i have had so much fun playing with this machine and learning what it can do. i know i have only explored  of its capabilities if that, but its just wonderful. i am dying to get more material to get more creative with it.

REVIEW 257: finally, a serger i could afford. it was worth the wait. the machine is beautifully well made and not a plastic toy. when you see the inside of the machine you have to be impressed. i have always feared threading a serger but this little guy was easy, if you follow the directions. you must thread in a specific order. it comes with  dvds that are a real help. it arrived in perfect condition and ran great right out of the box. i was surprised that it came with the blind hem foot and gathering foot and the little cutoff collector that is invaluable. i have a big industrial straight stitch sewing machine and i thought that was all i would ever need. now, i do not know how i ever managed without a serger. if you always wanted a serger, take a chance on this one. the price is right, they cannot get any cheaper and it is a brand name.

REVIEW 258: i had had a small singer serger before and was very frustrated by the very difficult threading process i had to constantly redo on it. it took hours to do it. i was skeptical about the claim that the brother serger was easy to thread, but it really is i was able to change threads or rethread in a snap with the layin looper. it is easy to use and i was able to make draperies and curtains for our rv the first time i tried it. the seams look beautiful and neat and no trimming needed. i would recommend this machine highly.

REVIEW 259: while researching sergers, i looked at everything  from the k babylock to the  singer. i debated long and hard. i was really stuck on purchasing a machine with a coverstitch option and from a dealer that would provide me with lessons. once i came to the conclusion that i did not want to mess with constantly changing the machine from the coverstitch to the overlock stitch  i wanted  seperate machines  it brought me to a much lower price bracket. i purchased this serger because it was the most reviewed of any other serger out there  in any price bracket  on top of that  it got the highest reviews. also, with all the tutorials out there, geared to this particular serger, i was confident that i would be able to learn to use this with out classes that i was willing to pay so much more for. i am so pleased with this purchase  just like everyone says  you plug it in right out of the box and i was ready to go. i did open the front cover of the machine and study the thread paths before i hit the pedal. and the next day, i did switch all the colored threads to cones, by knotting the new thread to the old. the dvd that comes with the machine is so informative. the stitches this machine makes are so professional looking. i read a lot of online sewing blogs, and i must admit, my beginner serging with this machine looks way better than some of those sewing bloggers out there  they really need to fix their tensions. keeping in mind that i have never touched a serger in my life, and to be honest, i never really cared to, until recently... with a little bit of studying and online video watching, i found it fairly easy to start this machine up and give all my products a professional look  with very little cost invested. i would recommend this machine to anyone. happy serging

REVIEW 260: i just purchased my fourth brother d serger. i have been using these sergers commercially since . the model number has changed over the years, but it still seems to be the same serger. this inexpensive serger is a work horse, easy to thread, simple to adjust the tension, and always has a beautiful stitch. my sergers are used in my business for many hours daily. my previous serger lasted four years before just finally wearing out. i would never waste the money again on a more expensive serger because i can wear it out just as fast as i can wear this one out. this little serger seems to never require repairs  just blow the lint out of it and keep going. in the past, i always had problems with my commercial sergers which typically cost two to three thousand dollars each. they were extremely difficult to thread and the stitch quality never looked as nice as that of the brother d. i will never switch brands or models and hope brother will continue to manufacture this serger for years to come.

REVIEW 261: i bought this one for my mom and give it a trythe dvds included are very descriptive and offer lots of ideas for sewing projects. it is very easy to use and switching between stitches is fasti was a little afraid of the tension adjustments first, but they make sense once you read the instructions. i had a singer serger in the same price range, but it shook the whole table and made terrible noise. brother is by far better in this casethe machine is very silent when running, the speed is good and it does not shake at all. if you are looking for a good serger for  definitely get the brother not the singer. they both do the same things, brother is betteri own a singer quantumlock serger, about  times more expensive then this machine and i find singer harder to use, but more strong, fast, plus it does the coverstitches and the chain stitch.

REVIEW 262: updatetwo years later and this little serger is still working great. its a real workhorse. makes beautiful rolled hems. adjustible tension and differential feed results in easy gathers. still lovin it. when my  year old pfaff serger began acting up i began researching what was happening with sergers. here is what i learned.. pfaff, viking and singer are all owned by the same company now. customers are not pleased with the dumbing down of the viking and pfaff sewing and serging machines. i tried out the machines and found that the prices on the low end machines pfaff and viking were much higher than the brother but did no more. checked the internet on bernina, saw no better features and knew that bernina was always the most expensive of all machines, so i just moved on.. wanted an auto threading machine babylock but did not want to spend over . also, i had no use for the extra stitches. if i were going to buy a high end machine, it would be a babylock due to its auto thread tension and auto threading.. bottom line is that the now low end machines are better than my old pfaff mid priced serger. no point in paying for repairs..finally, for the brother serger  thought i would try it and send it back if it was junk. its great. looper threading is much easier than my old machine. it has a free arm which my old machine did not. the brother only takes about one second to remove the stitch finger to switch to narrow thread overlock or rolled hem and sews these beautifully. i have not tried the gathering foot yet, but i had to buy that foot extra many years ago and it is a foot i use, so nice bonus to have it included with the brother. the brother is no louder, nor does it vibrate more than the  machines that i tried in the stores.. bottom line,i needed a serger to do  and  stitch overlock, gathering and rolled hem. this brother gave me exactly what i needed for a great price. could not be happier.

REVIEW 263: in purchasing this machine i was highly skeptical and thought i would be sending back after its first run. i have had this machine for a year now and love it before purchasing, i read all the reviews and did a lot of research on what type of serger i wanted. i even considered a high quality,  serger which created beautiful lingerie edges. after reading several good and bad reviews for this product i decided that i would take a risk with it. i am glad i did. i just graduated with a four year fashion design degree, and i would not have made it through my senior year studio without this serger. i specialized in custom designed wedding dresses and this surgers ability to create rolled hems on really delicate and thick fabrics, resulted in a beautiful finished product. once i discovered the rolled hem function on the machine, i rarely ever surged anything the rolled hem just seems to look so much cleaner on a finished product. you do have to adjust the threads a little and get use to it with each different fabric you use. unlike some of the really expensive fancy machines i was use to in the lab, i found that i did have to do a couple of practice stitches and make sure the tension was correct when switching fabrics. after those few practice stitches and some minor tweaking, the machine produces a nice finished edge. i usually get really frustrated at threading sergers and this was one of my biggest concerns when looking to purchase a serger. this machine is incredibly easy to thread and has wonderful color coding instructions. overall i highly recommend this serger. it produces quality work and is highly worth the money.

REVIEW 264: after much research, i decided to purchase this as my first serger. i was able to successfully thread it the first time using the instructions in the book and the diagram on the machine. i have no serging experience and wanted a decent, reliable machine at a reasonable price to start with. based on other reviews, this machine seemed to meet my requirements. so far, i have been very pleased with it. it may be too basic for advanced users but i think it is a good machine for beginners.

REVIEW 265: they were not kidding when they recommended no pins used with this machine. i broke the cutter knife with one pin and had to order another. once you understand the threading, the machine is a little work horse. a real good machine. i do not know how to do curves and corners though. maybe i should only do straight runs. the cutters cut too much out of curves and corners so i should just read reviews to find how best to use the machine. the dvds that come with this machine are crap. use you tube and get good, highdef instruction.

REVIEW 266: this machine does everything you needi was amazed at the easy threading and smooth operating. i would recommend this product to anyone, beginner or veteran i spent  on a singermodel which broke after  weeks of use and was disapointmented...my serging confidence was broken. not with this machine... my confidence in using a serger has been restored brother has made an exceptional priduct i would buy  just soim never without it it works

REVIEW 267: i ordered it not long ago and it got to me very fast. i tried it out almost immediately. after playing around for a bit one of the threads broke, so to put my own on, i had to take some time to figure it out, but it is all on the machine and in the book, so was able to get it back to work fast again. it is my first time to use and own serger, but i do love it it makes everything look so much more professional and i cannot wait to find more projects to have an excuse to use it again and again.  and of course eventually i need to learn what else it can do other than the regular finish and cut the edges.

REVIEW 268: we took a long time researching the various options for a surger. this is a great product, which already has the quality of reviews it deserves. it is the best value in its class and is well supported by the seller and manufacturer. the manual is clear and the threading is particularly easy compared with many of its competitors. a very good all round choice if you want something simple and reliable.

REVIEW 269: i have not used it much, but what little time i have spent on it i realy like it. i am sure that ill give it  stars, after i have used it more. i loved that i could use it right out of the box.

REVIEW 270: so far i love this machine it works great and comes prethreaded. however, when you do have to rethread it, the directions are pretty easy to understand. its all color coded and has arrows on the machine so you just follow it. awesome

REVIEW 271: after reading many of the reviews about the different sergers on the market  i decided on this one. yes, it does not thread itself like the  babylock that the dealer tried to sell me because threading sergers is really hard. well, i am a beginner and frankly i have a husband that spoils me and would have bought that machine for me  but why read the manual, watch the video, do as i did and label the parts and thread the machine. i threaded it while holding a conversation with both my husband and son. this machine performs well and i have enjoyed learning using it. it may not thread itself but it gets the job done.

REVIEW 272: i am very happy with this serger, works great out of the box. a great product for a good price, i highly recommend it.

REVIEW 273: this machine is wonderful. do not let anyone fool, threading it is a breeze. it came threaded and before i started i tracked all the threads to see their layout. i even took a few pictures. the instructions are not that good so do not wait until you need them. once i broke a thread or ran out, i was very confident in rethreading. for the money, this is a great buy

REVIEW 274: love it, compared to my old singer baby lock,this works like a dream. so far i have only used it twice and had to change the thread once it was childsplay

REVIEW 275: this is my rd serger and i love it it sews like a dream and is a nice compliment to my other sewing machines. brother is a good brand for sewing. when i wear this one out, i will purchase another brother.

REVIEW 276: i am new to serging. i am working on a big project for days for girls, int. i could not afford a babylock, but this one was within my budget. what i love it works well and is easy to operate, love the speed of serging.. i was terrified of threading it, but did it successfully on my first attempt. there a great you tube video a woman made with even more lear directions. she point out all the potential pitfalls.

REVIEW 277: for the sale price of  this was probably worth what i paid for it. it is very finicky and has to be threaded just right for it to work. the instructions were not very helpful but i was able to find tutorials on youtube that helped. when it worked, it did a good job. however, i bought it to use on my new business and need a serger that will work every time, at least once a week. i only got to use this machine on  items before the upper looper motor settings jammed and now it will not work due to the looper bumping on all the other parts. i am returning it to buy a more reliable brand serger. if you are just using it on basic projects, once or twice a year, it might work for you but if you are planning to use it often, it will not be worth the headache.

REVIEW 278: once i figured out the easiest way to change thread, it works fine. i am still experimenting with the serger. love being able to protect the material ends.

REVIEW 279: i love this serger this is my very first one and the cdvideos were very helpful i can now thread my machine alone, thanks to colored guides on the machine. it seemed intimidating at first but its a great one i have had it over a year now and have never had any problems. i recommend it to everyone, beginners on up

REVIEW 280: i have used this on many projects, and it works beautifully. easy to thread, many stitch selections, and has many other things you can use it for besides serging.

REVIEW 281: this serger is a little quieter than my other machines. easy to thread, nonstandard levers and knobs, but they work great and its easy to get used to. example, the foot raising control is on the upper right instead of near the needle. this is such a good deal, that i might buy another one to save from switching thread so often

REVIEW 282: love this machine. i have been using since the day it arrived. it was pretty easy to thread even though it already comes threaded. the dvds were helpful. i have been sewing up a storm and there is so much more for me learn about what this machine can do. i was a little scared about the serger because i had never used one. this is easy. i have had zero problems and have sewn  skirts, a blouse and a dress. my sewing machine missed me. this does not replace your sewing machine. it makes your sewing better.

REVIEW 283: i have been using my moms  year old kenmore sewing machine for little projects, but have started selling little pillowcase style dresses in my etsy shop ... and needed something that would allow me to make dresses without lining them  finishing the raw edge. i wanted to give it that professional finish. this machine is soooo easy to use i love the finishing stitches while i have been sewing for  years, i highly recommend this machine to even a beginner the manual  dvd is perfect with step by step instruction

REVIEW 284: as many of the other reviews state, this really is a super little machine for the price i have been sewing for  years and consider myself an intermediate sewerquilter, yet this is my first serger. i find it very easy to thread  really no more difficult than an ordinary sewing machine if you just follow the color codes for each thread and use the provided tweezers for threading the small needlelooper holes. i have already completed  projects using the various stitch capabilities. each time i change thread color i make it a point to rethread from the beginning just for practice. the included cds provide additional visual instruction and are worth viewing. ill mention that the first machine i ordered got lost in transit, but as soon as i notified amazon they shipped another one to me overnight at no additional shipping cost  kudos to them if you are looking for an inexpensive serger without a lot of bells and whistles but can do the job this is it

REVIEW 285: i bought this for my mother to replace her white and she has been using it nonstop since with no issues whatsoever shipping was fast, product arrived in tiptop shape. we would recommend this to anyone looking for a great serger.

REVIEW 286: this machine works well and provides lots of different serging options. my favorite feature right now is the blind hem foot. it is also easy to adjust the tension of the threads to get a line of stitching that is neither too tight or too loose. the machine is made of strong plastic and seems sturdy  you would have to spend much, much more to get the same machine with more metal components. the serger is easy to thread, but you do ave to finesse the pedal if you want to serge at a lower speed. my biggest complaint is that the instruction booklets cd and paper formats could have been a little better written. i have a hard time understanding some of the diagrams. that having been said, the booklets do have a lot of information.

REVIEW 287: i bought this serger a few months ago, and sarted using is about one month ago. i am very pleased with the results so far. i sew at beginners level, and have sewn a tote bage, a purse and a skirt. its easy to work with and gives my projects a neat finish. its quite easy to thread and worked fine on thick fabric jeans. i do not sew every day as yet so i hope that it will last, since electricity cycle in my country is  cycle the machine is  cycle.

REVIEW 288: i bought this serger because i read the reviews from other buyers. however, when i took it out straight from the box and turned it on, the serger light came on but when i pressed the serger foot to serge, nothing happened. i called brothers customer service and she told me i could get it serviced at one of their locations. it was new and it already needed to be serviced. i do not think so. i just return it and request for a full refund.

REVIEW 289: i have not really fully used this machine because i found a little bit intimidating. the cds are helpfull but i wish they had a more updated version. when you play the cds, the topics are not in order and i found the video a little boring. i still have not compltely used it and taking step by step. but it is a good machine for the money. i am sure i wil love it once i get the hang of it.

REVIEW 290: i got this as a gift from my mom and reallllyyyy want to use it... but i just cannot figure out how to thread it i am a newbie and have no experience at all with sergers so i cannot judge the machine. however, the instructional disc that came with the machine was quite confusing that i watched it over and over again and tried several times but never got it right. at the end, i got so frustrated and gave up... i cannot say if i am just stupid or the machine itself is hard to use but the serger is now just sitting in the storage without any use...

REVIEW 291: i brought it home, let it come to room temp. and started serging. i have not stopped since. i hope it continues.

REVIEW 292: this will be my beginners review, i have just opened the box to my brother d serger and am watching the tutorial cds brother should consider updating this to a single, higher quality dvd. the color coded threading is already done for you when the machine arrives one of the resaons i purchased this little guy in the first place but we all know that eventually you will need to tackle this task. save yourself time and go watch this aftermarket video  amazingly helpful .... i am about to begin my first serging adventure now and i am hoping its as simple as so many of these reviews have made it out to be. i have been utilizing a standard sewing machine for more than  years so i am hoping to catch up with technology...

REVIEW 293: arrived very quickly, have not had time to set it up yet, but i used my last brother serger for almost fifteen years before i had major problems with it. if this one lasts that long, it will be money well spent.

REVIEW 294: i had heard all the horror stories and was intimidated. i looked it over for weeks before i finally used it and it was wonderful so fast now, i have not changed the thread yet, but the instructional videos that came with it are a great help. when that time comes, i will just follow the instructions that were included. i think i will be able to use it for a lot more than i even thought when i bought it. looking forward to years of great use.

REVIEW 295: this is a great serger for the money  i am new to sewing and i found this machine to be very easy to use, and to understand. since my purchase of this machine i have gone a little nuts with the projects. this is more than just a beginners serger and has more than enough features to keep anyone going. highly recommend this to everyone.

REVIEW 296: this overlock machine works wonderfully  its very fast, easy to thread with color coded diagrams on the machine and easy to use. i especially like that you can merrow with it as well. definitely a good machine and worth the price.

REVIEW 297: this baby is amazing i, of course, could not wait for it to arrive thank you amazon for the free shipping  and once it did, i let it sit, untouched in the box for a few days. after reading the reviews saying you needed a good chunk of time to really get to know your new machine, i was a little nervous. but finally on day  i rolled up my sleeves, pulled it out of its box and stared at it... then about  mins later i found the two cds it came with and watch the first one twice, all the way through. this cd is perfect for visual learners like myself i was serging away in no time and have not looked back i have easy changed thread and have only used the one regular stitch so far, but that is all i have needed. as a beginner this machine is heavenly and i am so pleased with my investment

REVIEW 298: when my new brother serger arrived i could hardly wait to open, watch the dvd and try it out. i do a great deal of sewing, some for other people and was lost when i could not get my old to work anymore. what a surprise when my daughter found one i could afford on amazon. com i do not put it away as it is in use at least three or four times a week. and, its so much easier to thread.

REVIEW 299: great machine  easy to thread, easy to use. have had mine about a month and have done many projects with it. uses regular machine needles and regular thread. would recommend this product. brother d  layin thread serger

REVIEW 300: got this serger for a birthday present, its the best present i ever recieved. i am working on wedding lineings and i never had a serger before. what a great job it does the threading on the brothers machine is so easy and controlling the tenison also. i have made  sashes with oraganze fabric and it came out so prefect. i recommend this machine to anyone who has never used a serger before. go for it. you will be so pleased.

REVIEW 301: my husband purchased this item for me off of my wish list as a surprise gift and i am quite pleased the machine arrived with colored threads and easy to follow instructions as well as a video for those who are, like me, visual learners. i am new to sewing, period...and found this machine very easy to use. i have used it on two occasions, and have had no difficulties with threading it or adjustments. i would highly recommend this product to those who are new to serging. i was able to use it right out of the box after reading the instructions and watching the video with no frustrations. the price was very affordable for all the machine offers, and i doubt i will ever be a master sewer to the point where i will need to replace this machine with one that offers more options.

REVIEW 302: my  year old bernina serger broke and it was going to cost  to repair it  so i got a new brother serger. great deal. one problem with mine is that the upper looper tension can get real tight when changing the setting a number or . the dvd video is lame, it was made in the s. it can also be seen on youtube if you are interested.

REVIEW 303: i needed this sooooooo bad my mom talked me ought of ever buying one because to her estimation  a sewing machine can do the same thing. but no it cannot this machine carries instructions that are so easy to follow....you need to have the patience to mess up and try again. one try and it was off i go awesome. i love the way it cleans up your work on the edges , no sewing machine can do this unless it carries a builtin cutter. the machine gives you a dvd or cd that you can follow through manually. come on people of the sewing world get one its sure worth it.

REVIEW 304: i am new to sewing and i wanted a seger i could figure out how to use on my own. i researched, and this one had the best reviews. it came in perfect condition and ready to be used. with the videos, threading it is a breeze, as well as learning how to do the different stitches. just today, i learned how to use the thread stitch and the rolled edge, and hemmed a skirt with a nice lettucerolled hem. it is so userfriendly with the videos. the only con o can think of is that the manuals are a little skimpy, but with the videos, i have not found this to be a problem.

REVIEW 305: i almost bought a more expensive serger a janome, but glad i did not. the brother is  cheaper and has a ton more features. the serger came prethreaded so i was able to start out right away. its also easier to thread than i expected. sewing is fun again now that i do not have to finish raw edges and that the sewing goes a lot faster on the serger.

REVIEW 306: she says it is a little complicated to learn, but once you get it down it saves her hours upon hours of work. she says it is pretty easy to use once you learn the thing too. worth every penny.

REVIEW 307: purchased for a gift, does everything advertised and then some. price great, fast service. quality product, if you are looking for a serger, buy this one

REVIEW 308: do not be afraid to purchase this serger. i purchased it and it is my first serger. i wanted to try a good serger that did a good job and did not want to invest a lot of money in the first one. i can truly say that it does a beautiful job, its fairly quite and feels very sturdy. i love it. i have not tried to rethread it. i will use the tread that came with it because i am sewing darker colors and the stitches are beautiful for what i am doing. i will definitely rethread so that i am comfortable doing so as opposed to just tying and pulling the threads through. there is a very good youtube video on threading so i have just got to try it. i think it is a great machine and i am very happy with it. take the plunge

REVIEW 309: thank you so much for the prompt, well packaged delivery of my brother d serger all of the included accessories are amazing and the instructional dvd was a life savers, as i am definitely an auditory learner. i am a member of a threads of love sewing group, and we sew burial gowns for infants who die prematurely. the sergers rolled hem is beautiful and makes me proud to add my part. thanks again for your excellent service and product

REVIEW 310: i bought this as a second serger for my weekend place. my first serger is a babylock imagine, which cost almost ten times as much. the brother serger has as good stitch quality as the bl. it does not have the jet air threading or the automatic tension features, but it is easy to thread and easy to set tensions on this machine. the instruction booklets do a great job in walking the sewist through both. i cannot believe this works so well and is so easy to use. there are a couple of stitches that the bl has and the brother does not, but they are not very important to me for example, blanket stitch. on the other hand, there are a couple of features i like better on the brother. one is the free arm and the other is the presser foot lifter, which is easier to use and more conveniently located than the one on the bl. the quality i like least on this serger, and the reason for the four stars, is the noise and vibration it generates at higher sewing speeds. it is better when i sew at a moderate speed and with a thick pad under the serger. other than that, i find it hard to believe brother can sell this machine at this price. it is a true bargain, with good quality and design and one of the lowest price tags of any serger on the market.

REVIEW 311: i am a beginner at sewing. last month i started sewing a dress, when i showed it to my friend she said, you really need to invest in a serger, so your seams will not fray. so i began looking around and everything was way expensive i could not find anything under ., until i found this serger on amazon. i read lot of the reviews and also emailed it over to my mom who has sewed and serged for  years and to a good friend who is a professional seamstress. both agreed that it was a great deal and would do everything i would want it to do for a beginner and more. i got it in and i was in love. the serger came already threaded in red, blue, yellow and green thread which matches the color coded machine for the left and right needle and upper and lowerlooper i bought mine new from amazon so it came threaded. this way you could easily see how it was threaded and learn how to do it yourself by following the threads. this is a  layin which means  it uses  needles to use  threads and  needle to use  threads. what it comes with manuals, a quick reference guide for different stitches and a full featured manual which you can also download on pdf from brothers website dvds  one is an instruction how to and the other shows you different applications and opt feet you can buy. i also found some great youtube videos that show step by step how to thread this serger just type in the model number .soft coveraccessory bagtweezers a must havethread netsthread spool capscleaning brushallen wrenchpressure footblind stitch foot multi purpose foottrim trapextra needlesit does not come withbrother sa serger elastic application footbrother sa serger gathering footbrother sa serger pearl and sequins footbrother sa serger piping footthese pressure feet you can order on amazon and are less  than ordering from brother. i have ordered these now from amazon but they have not come in yet. i cannot wait to use them. after getting the serger and using it, i have had to order  additional sergers  for my mom as her old serger does not have all the different features as this one does and  for my sister.

REVIEW 312: i love my new serger. after using an old serger for years i bought the brother d. the stitches are so much nicer, it is easy to thread and set the tensions. i also went online and found lots of blogs the show you how to do sewing project i did not even know you could do with a serger. many of the bloggers have the brother d sever and list the settings for each project. if you are thinking about getting this serger do it. you will not regret your decision.

REVIEW 313: i have been sewing for nearly  years. this is my first serger, and it was bought as a christmas gift for me last year. i am very happy with this machine and would recommend it to anyone wanting to buy a serger. i have had little to no problems, and the problems that i have had have only been operator error  i. e. the thread tree not being pulled all the way up i have waited this long to write a review, because i truly wanted to put this machine to the test. my current project is a set of eight patio cushions. these are made from a heavy cotton weave material and include cording around the edges of each cushion. yes, i have serged through four to five layers of this thickness of fabric, with no problems. threading this machine is idiotproof because of the diagram on the inside of the machine, and it is color coded, they could not have made it any easier for us but, i rarely need to thread it completely. i generally clip the threads up by the thread tree, change the thread cone, place the thread condom over the thread cone, thread the thread through the hole in the thread tree and then tie a square knot with the old thread. i do this for all four of the threads and then run the stitching out until the new color serges. the square knots do not effect the serging at all. i hope this review is helpful to anyone thinking about purchasing this product. i am a happy customer

REVIEW 314: i am not a very experienced sewer, but after seeing all the niftyamazing things a serger could do i caved... i first bought a singer which i had some trouble with the cord did not want to stay in well. that might have been a fluke, but after seeing the brother had better reviews and was a bit more versatile i bought it instead of exchanging for another singer. i am absolutely in love also, i have been using this at least several times a week for a few months now, so this is not a review done based on one or two uses. i really really love itit is not difficult at all to learn to thread the serger... sure its more complicated than a sewing machine, but not much, just remember the proper order and take it slow and you will be fine. i highly recommend watching the video that comes with it, though it could really stand to be updated or search the net for another video to help you get comfortable threading it. i am really enjoying the variety of feet, especially the gathering foot this is such a fun foot you can really create some tight gathers by tightening your needle thread tensions as well as using the differential feed. some comparison to the singer for those considering boththe easy way you can set the knife on or off is a very nice feature. no need to remove what you are working on and interrupt the line of stitching if you come to a spot where you no longer want the knife to cut. just turn the wheel till its down and flip the switchthe ability to remove one of the fingers to create the very narrow rolled hem is also nice, and very easy to do i did not realize this difference till i got the brother, but i do not think either finger could come off with singer which would lead to a wider stitch even with only  needle thread and the narrowest width. though to be fair, i could be wrong about the singer. if there was a way to do it, it was not obvious to me after watching all of its videos. its great to be able to use regular sewing machine needles in the sergerthe only thing i preferred on the singer was the separate screws for each needle. on this machine there is one hex screw that loosens both and despite what the video says, it is not easy for me to hold one in place while taking the other out or putting it back in. while this is annoying, its not a big deal, just takes a little more time and fiddling and seems an odd oversight on a machine that is so full of other nice and easy to use features. my only other complaint so far is that for some reason sometimes when i close the front doorcover it wants to stick out just a tiny bit. this does not affect anything, but it annoys me not to be able to figure out why it will not sit flush sometimes and will snap down perfectly other times. ah well... if it becomes problematic for some reason ill update the review.

REVIEW 315: i am a total newb when it comes to sewing, but this serger is fantastic. its very powerful, goes through multiple layers of fabric, is easy enough to thread, and just works. so far, i have sewn a couple hundred yards of seams, every thing from fine cotton shirts to velour upholstery fabric without issues. a quick search on you tube found more than enough good instructions on threading the machine, much better than the included instructions. by the third time i have changed thread spools, i can now thread it without needing a reference. there is also good videos on proper tension adjustment. once set, this machine shines. the cutting blade is very sharp. you need to watch that, a small mistake with fabric bunching under the foot will slice giant holes in your project, i am so glad the blade has an easy way to turn the cutting feature off. i have not used the differential feed much, other than testing to understand why its there. the free arm feature is great for cuffs, and other small items. if i had any issues, it would be the lack of a proper cover stitch, but i like this machine so much, i am considering purchasing a cv to make up for that omission. thank you brother, this is a very solid machine, and its available at a great price.

REVIEW 316: if you are not a mechanically inclined person, the manual for this machine will frustrate you. i also ordered a brother pc project runway limited edition sewing machine at the same time i ordered the d serger, and the manual for that machine is clear and comprehensive. not so for this serger. the videos are helpful, but even after viewing them, i still had unanswered questions. i finally took my machine into a local brother dealer, and was then able to get it rethreaded and running. however, i may need to pop into the store again, because i have not yet figured out how to replace the stitchfinger, which you remove for rolled hems. i do not see directions on the video or the manual telling my how to do it. i am also having some problems figuring out the tension for a rolled hem on a lightweight fabric. something is not right again, i have not found answers for my particular question in the manual or videos. however, having said all that, i am pleased overall with this machine. i love being able to finish seams professionally, and for the price this machine is a great value. i just think brother did a less than stellar job on the manual.

REVIEW 317: i am a beginner sewer and was making childrens clothing on a conventional machine and discovered i needed a serger for a more professional look. i purchased this one after much research and reading many reviews. it arrived in two days thanks amazon and was easy to thread. the first time i followed the directions and after that i remembered and followed the pictures that are printed on the serger itself and its was very easy. i am continuing to learn the things it does and i have been very impressed so far. one con that i would like to mention is that the instructional cds that come with the serger are just that...cds. they only play on a microsoft computer, not a apple mac, which is what i have. they do not have them in dvd form either so they are pretty much of no use to me unless i borrow someone elses computer. bummer i was really looking forward to those instructions. other than that...happy serging

REVIEW 318: i debated whether to get a serger and how much to spend on one for quite some time. i am mostly selftaught with a sewing machine and did not have much money for a serger. i am glad i took the plunge. the brother d was a great choice it was easy to thread and learn to use. i had never used a serger before, but i was serging simple garments the day i opened the box. this serger is a great value for someone looking for an entry level serger. i wish i would have bought one a long time ago. this relatively inexpensive machine is fabulous, and i think it will be a long time before i need or want to upgrade to something fancier.

REVIEW 319: i love this serger  it does exacly what i want, flawlessly. the instructions are easy to follow, too. i wanted a serger to be able to finish the raw edges of yards and yards seemed like miles of edges along long lengths of fabric. at the sewing machine id always do a rolled hem, and it would take forever. the d serger is so easy to use, no problems at all with tension or puckering or anything. its great, well worth the money.

REVIEW 320: after much research i finally purchased a serger. the brother d is everything they say it is. i have been sewing for  years and this has put some new joy in sewing for me. the only thing i have found it that it does not sew with smaller eyed needles. not sure if it is me or the serger. smaller needles break the thread. i will have to do more research and experimentation to figure this out. but i have made several sets of scrubs with the serger and it worked liked a charm. the video is a much see for threading and i was able to correctly thread it the first time. if you are looking for a serger, this is the one for you. priced right, quick delivery and a joy to own.

REVIEW 321: i am very pleased with the d serger and with the brother corporation in tennessee. i shopped for a good one at a reasonable price and this one fits. these reviews here at amazon are what convinced me to buy this serger. the unit is made in taiwan, but they do have tennessee phone support if you have a problem and they have a web site with qas about the product. i used my tax incentive money from bubba, so i am hoping some of it went into the local econony, for staff and support here in the you. s.i am new at serging, but the cds that came with the serger are very helpful. if you read and watch the cds, if you are new to serging, it will help you tremendously. there is a lot to learn for us newbies. i also checked out some books in the local library and purchased one book used, from amazon that was recommended in these reviews, sewing with sergers, the complete handbook for overlock sewing by gail brown and pati palmer. it is very goodi did mark the feet that came with the unit and the elastic taping foot that i bought separately with the first letter of what they do with permanent ink, as i am not familiar with them yet. the serger is quiet and easy to use...so far, and fast. i recommend learning to thread the unit, its not hard, just unfamiliar. i have not done a lot of different seams yet, but i am learning. it is exciting to get a serger so i am on the road to new adventures thank you brother

REVIEW 322: i am a complete novice, with great aspirations for sewing. i did some research and decided on this machine  and am extremely pleased with my purchase it came prethreaded with colorcoded thread, great directions, and it really is easy to use. i highly recommend this model to anyone wanting to get started with a serger. i am now thoroughly annoyed when i have to pull out my normal sewing machine rarely, thanks to the knife disable option on this serger, as it seems very clunky and slow in comparison.

REVIEW 323: product is a good value for the money. dvd tutorials give you good product information on the variety of stitches and how to thread machine. easy to use and threading in clearly marked. only gave it four stars because the machine is light weight in construction and at low speeds, foot control is not as smooth as more expensive machines.

REVIEW 324: i have been sewing for decades and this is my second serger. i have had not been sewing much lately so when my bernette gave up after  yrs. i decided just to get an inexpensive serger for what projects i had. this machine is a piece of junk. do not waste your money. i have yet to complete a project without the thread breaking, tension all over the place, or some kind of breakdown. does not make any difference what thread, needles, or how many times i rethread, this machine simply does not function consistently and is not worth the effort to turn it on. if you want a serger, do your homework to be sure its what you need or want, then buy from a company whose primary product is sewing related one that makes sewing machinessergers only, not everything from office equipment to sewing. do not get this just because of price....you will be sorry you wasted your money and put yourself through such frustration. my bernette functioned flawlessly for  years, this one has not functioned for  minutes. i have since purchased a viking and will not even donate this to anyone...it goes in the junk pile and tallied under waste of my money and allot of time.

REVIEW 325: however i am not a beginner. this machine lasted me less than a year before its first trip to my local dealer. since then i have kept is as extreme back up since i have . real sergers. well i brought it out for an extreme moment. did not last a day. back to the dealer it went. i have paid more in labor and parts than i paid for the machine. like i said if you are a beginner, or a very casual sewer this is your machine... but if you are a sewing goddess like me, you will find yourself very dissappointed in the machine.

REVIEW 326: i did a lot of research prior to purchasing my brother d serger, and i wholeheartedly agree with the many positive reviews this machine has received. i think most folks are intimidated by the prospect of selecting and learning to use their first serger, and i certainly fit that description. however, the included manual and software made it easy peasy to get started on this machine. brother has truly constructed an idiotproof serger, and i mean that as a very sincere compliment. it arrives all set up with colorcoded thread, which is threaded through the corresponding colorcoded loopersneedles, and each step in the threading process is numbered and marked with a detailed diagram that makes what you are supposed to do crystalclear. a monkey could thread this machine. in addition, there are plenty of spiffy features like freearm capability, differential feed, and a retractable knife. i have only used this machine to do basic fourthread overlock stitching, and have not delved into the more elaborate types of stitching it is capable of, but it comes with a cdrom devoted solely to the plethora of techniques you can use with this serger. as for performance, the stitches are consistent, the noise level is very reasonable, and its pretty compact. all things considered, the only complaint or criticism i have is that the included software is designed to be pccompatible only, however, if you have a mac like me, you can still access the allimportant howto videos contained on the cdroms. i am extremely pleased with this serger. well worth every penny.

REVIEW 327: just purchased and already made my first cardigan. i am very happy with this machine. i read the reviews here before i purchased and that helped me make my decision. now, i know a lot of people have trouble threading. i found this to be very, very easy. the machine comes with two cds  one of those cds instructs you on how to thread. the machine comes with  spools which is already threaded on the machine. all you have to do is snip the thread that is on the tree, tie a knot to the existing thread and run the machine until the newer thread comes out. does that make sense i probably do not explain it well. i posted a link to a blog that discusses this in a much better manner on my blog .... go take a look  its very simple. you can also see the cardigan i made. please feel free to ask questions about the serger or sewing machine its a brother too.

REVIEW 328: for the money,this is the best sergeroverlock available on the market. not only do you get the quality of brother, but over  different stitches, differential feed,  different sewing feet, and other options that normally you would pay separately for. i have owned  worked on other sergers  again this is the best home serger for the reasonable price. highly recommend it.

REVIEW 329: i have used this serger regularly with my basic sewing machine to complete  garments now for a beginners clothing construction class. it is easier to thread than i anticipated i watched all of one dvd first to get started. when i tied new thread to the ones that came with the machine i was successful with two. i threaded the other two from scratch, much easier to do than tie the little knots. see what works for you i also used a permanent marker to discreetly label the needle colors  thread tree you,lo,l,r i have threaded the machine from scratch three times now and only had trouble when the lower looper somehow lost its thread. if i would have remembered to rethread the two needles after it in the sequence, i would have saved myself  minutes plus the review of the dvd that states the threading order, even if rethreading one needle. the end result from the serger gives a professional vs. homemade look and is much easier than my former days of finishing an edge with a zigzag stitch. i look forward to more complex garments when i learn the different stitching options on the second dvd. the dvds that come with the serger make a visual learner follow along with ease. i also use a make up brush or a micro fiber cloth to clean up finer fabric dust. i think that means ill have to oil the serger more often, but i do not mind. plus, with all the extras its so easy to dive into serging without having to buy the basics along the way. a true bargain

REVIEW 330: extremely pleased with this serger. it is my first one and i hesitated for quite a while because i did not realize how many things could be accomplished with a serger. it is so easy to use and i am sewing pjs for the grandkids and quilting bed throws in record time. love it and have ordered books to give me more inspiration. love the time i save and the ease of use. it is really quiet, too. that surprised me because there were several reviews stating how noisy the machine was.

REVIEW 331: i really enjoy using my new brother d overlock sewing machine. i have been sewing for about  years and finally decided to take the plunge and get a serger. this machine is easy to thread and sews really well. there are two instructional dvds that come with the machine. one of the dvds is for use and care and shows how to thread. the other dvd shows the user how to do different types of stitches. the written instruction manual is very clear and concise. between the written instructions and the dvds you will be using your serger in no time to thread the machine all you have to do is follow the color coded thread paths. i really like the lay in tension when threading. i just made a rhyme of the order of threading lower looper, upper looper, right needle, left needle and it has been easy for me to remember. amazon has the best price on this particular model that i have seen and therefore i ordered it here

REVIEW 332: this is the second d we have purchased for our hobbybusiness, and we love it. its a great basic machine...it does not do some of the fancier stitches like coverlock, but it also is not as fussy as those machines can be we also have a topoftheline computerized elna, and its a picky thing in comparison. its a nononsense workhorse, and does the basics well. we generally use the thread overlock and rolled hem stitches, and with it i can get a fine enough seamedge to finish clothing for a  doll. its easy to thread, with the thread paths marked clearly on the machine. we have had our older d for over four years of solid daily use and it still works...just make sure to do regular maintenance, and this machine will work reliably for years.

REVIEW 333: works really well. very easy to follow instructions. definitely made of plastic, but i guess that is why its less than . i would recommend it to anyone.

REVIEW 334: after fighting with my old serger for years, i finally gave up and purchased the brother serger. in five minutes it was threaded and sewing beautifully. i cannot believe i suffered with the old one this long

REVIEW 335: having never used a serger before i was hesitant when i bought this, however, since i have used it i have loved it it is incredibly easy to use and set up. i want to sew everything with this machine. it is also very quite compared to my conventional machine and so fast

REVIEW 336: the day i purchashed the brother d serger was the day i had had enough with my old serger. when the brother d arrived, it felt like christmas it looked beautiful, but the important part was the ease of threading and smooth operation. it was fast and steady. i have not used all the stitches but from what i have experienced, i am looking forward to many years of happy, creative sewing. thank you

REVIEW 337: i have always wanted a serger and after reading many reviews on this serger, i decided to purchase it. this is my first serger and this machine is so simple to operate, very easy to thread too. i have not learned to use it to its full potential, i am still in the learning process. i highly recommend this product. i checked out many other online sites to compare prices and amazon was the lowest and most reasonable of all.

REVIEW 338: this model is made in taiwan, but not sold in taiwan. what a shame its really cheap althought the shipping fee and the tax is almost the same the price of the machine, i still decided to buy it from amazon. in taiwan, there is a model d and sold usd ...  maybe its risky to buy overseas like me, but after i got this serger yesterday, i love it i uses serger several times in sewing class and i am afraid of serger until i got d. i only use thread overlock now, hope i can use most of the other functions later.

REVIEW 339: this serger and i have become great friends, user friendly, great videos, easy to use. i think this is a great product for anyone with a desire for a serger.

REVIEW 340: love itwent to sewing stores. machine sales were .got it fast,i am a new amazon buyer and now a faithful onethis machine works better than my old one. comes with dvd and easy. repair costs on my old serger were more than amazons price. thanks

REVIEW 341: my wife is a professional seamstress, and wanted to have her own serger at home. based on the excellent reviews, i ordered her this machine for christmas. after one month, she loves it so far, no problems at all.

REVIEW 342: this is by far the best price you will find for a serger. the machine is relatively easy to thread for a manual serger and sews really smoothly. the only downside is that it does not do cover stitches. still, brother stands out in the home sewing market because their machines are high quality, yet affordable this serger is no exception

REVIEW 343: this machine is easy to use, it comes already threaded so all you have to do is tie your new threads on and pull them through. there is a dvd i think, one day i will get round to watching it but that just goes to show that you can take it out of the box and start serging

REVIEW 344: this is my second brother serger in  weeks time. does not sew over anything heavy at all it broke the very first time i used it on heavy jumbo spandex, both times. great for light weight fabrics, but never for anything heavy. i hate it, i will never buy another brother again ...and id like to add, i am a pro. i sew for a living, this was not operator error. its the quality of the machine. awful

REVIEW 345: as far as sergers go this one was the cheapest. i have worked with sergers and coverlock machines in school before, and wanted a more finished look for my projects. i figured this would be a good starter machine since it was offered under . it arrived quickly, and i tired to thread it by tying the new thread onto the existing pre threaded spools. it did not work, and i had to rethread. that was not a big deal as this machine is color coded, and for the most part simple. working on the first project this machine broke  needles, and i was sewing a very thin knit fabric. thread on it breaks constantly, and the thread tensions are all over the place. i am very disappointed, and this may be the last brother machine i buy, very unreliable.

REVIEW 346: my mother in law, mother and i all bought this serger. we all love it.

REVIEW 347: direction for use were unclear, had to use the territorial on the internet done by a privet person. need improved directions

REVIEW 348: i really like this serger. it is my first one, but the instructions have been helpful and really easy to understand. i will know more about it when i can really spend time working with it.

REVIEW 349: i have no complaints. the serger is what amazon said it would be. service was excellent, shipping was fast and it arrived without any damage to the machine itself.

REVIEW 350: this serger is fabulous. its easy to use and does most thinks you would need a serger for. the instructions are great and it comes with a cdrom video that helps you understand the fuctions of the machine. it comes all set up and ready to use. i got a great deal on this machine from amazon but it would have been a value even if it cost a little more. i tried a white that actually costs more and it was aweful. it vibrated off the table almost. and the set up and threading was hard to understand especially since it did not come with any instructions. the brother runs smooth even at high speed sewing and i rarely have any troubles like thread breakage, etc. did i mention this is the first time i used a serger if every first time user bought a brother, i am sure more people would use sergers.

REVIEW 351: i really have enjoyed my serger. i have previous sewing experience from a vocational class when i was in school, and my mother has owned a serger for years. i knew what to expect with the machine and i have not been disappointed at all. it has a great stitch, lots of features, and extra feet. i will definitely get a lot of use out of this machine.

REVIEW 352: love it it is a dream, was easy to learn to use and finishes every garment beautifully

REVIEW 353: great serger, it does everything you need highly recommended

REVIEW 354: when i ordered this brother serger, i was so excited about the cost and how helpful it would be to me for my sewing needs. i had looked at other sources on the web, but, amazon had the better pricing for what i wanted. the serger worked for awhile, but, then it would not thread right. it was a used referbished one and when i asked to return it to the seller there was no problem. they were very very nice about it and returned all of my expenses and paid for the cost of shipping back to them. if i had to do it again, but, with new not referbished items, i would gladly do it. the communication was extremely great and to me that is the best and important thing for me. no hassel and they were really great i highly recommend anyone to purchase from them.

REVIEW 355: i was truly amazed with this machine i have been sewing for years and thought there was a catch when i read the reviews, but beleive me there are not any. in this day and age some times it is hard to take someone elses word but this is not the case this machine is the answer to a beginners prayers and also amazing to and old hand like mine. with our economy today people should get back to basics, like sewing for the family even if it is just a fleece hat, you cannot imagine how children would appreciate something made by mom or dad. go for it, your worth it. the price was the lowest i found.

REVIEW 356: i researched a lot before i bought this serger. since i do not have any experience with another serger, i will say that this one is a good quality for the price. the threading is a little tricky, even with color coding. also, it took me  broken threads and  broken needle before i figured out that i had to rethread the needles when i rethreaded the loopers...every time. that was a frustrating night. however, i really enjoy my serger and have enjoyed the professional looking seams.

REVIEW 357: this is my first purchased serger and i am very pleased with it. it comes with  dvds that give a great overview of the capabilities of the serger. it was also great that it came prethreaded and ready to go right out of the box. the accompanying booklets are very helpful and show common problems and how to fix them with clear diagrams. i am only using this serger now for basic finishing on garments but i am glad to know that i can do much more with this serger when i am ready to branch out and try new techniques. update i have been using this serger now for over a year and i still really love it changing the thread is not hard at all and i have gotten the hang of adjusting the tension to make different types of edging. i am so happy with this purchase i have been using it on knits and also on finishing the inside seams of some clothing, and it really makes a difference in how well they wash. i am even considering buying the brother brand coverstitch machine beacuse i have been so happy with this one.

REVIEW 358: i have this machine i received free when i bought another machine a few years ago. i sold the serger i had as this machine is so easy to use i have had top rated sergers before  love this one so much more. it is easy to clean, thread,  use. i recommend this to anyone great for beginners.

REVIEW 359: the brother d serger was my christmas gift to myself this year and i am totally delighted with it. it is easy to use and has many applications. years ago i purchased an expensive serger which was hard to thread and to adjust. i finally gave it away. not this brother machine the dvds which came with the brother serger give clear instructions on threading and using it. every thing is easy to do. i was up and running with it in minutes it has so many features that i will be exploring and using in my sewing. this is what i had hoped for. the brother d has been designed with the home sewer in mind. everything is conveniently located for use and adjustment. the owners manual shows clear details for making any necessary changes to get perfect seams for your project. it tells you how to choose the right stitch and how to set up your machine. there is info on what to change if the seam does not look the way you want it. i am glad that i did not give up on having a serger because the brother d has convinced me that serging can be easy and fun i watched both of the dvds before trying the machine. that gave me confidence that i could succeed and i have. i now rethread the machine easily and i have sewn several small projects. i like to make baby blankets for charity and this machine will make quick work of those and let me get more of them mailed off to the reservation. the edges look so professional. i recommend the brother d serger to anyone looking for a versatile, efficient serger at an excellent price. amazon delivered it promptly and on time, as always.

REVIEW 360: i have been sewing for years, but never used a serger before i bought this one. i wanted my products to look a little more professional, so i thought this would be a good investment. i was a little intimidated at first with all the parts and complexlooking threading mechanisms, but once i read the instructions and practiced with it a little, i became much more comfortable with using it. i still have not learned all of the features, like serging edges and blind hemming at the same time, but what i have used it for so far has worked out well. my sister was very impressed with how professional her halloween costume turned out with the nicely serged edges. very happy with this purchase.

REVIEW 361: i have had this machine for several months. i love it. it totally defies the you get what you pay for way of thinking, because it costs so little yet works well. i keep it clean with vacuum cleaner and also compressed air to blow out debris and oiled and it works flawlessly. all adjustments and settings are easy to implement. some people find overlock machines difficult to thread, and recommend tying old to new thread rather than rethreading the machine. this machine is so easy to thread, i find rethreading to be faster and more simple. yes you have to use tweezers in a few places but they are provided and once you get the hang of this machine, it goes very quickly. the lower looper threader is very easy watch the included video clips. after using this machine for several months, i wanted something with more capabilities and was very disappointed with other machines i tried the viking s and the singer profinish which although vastly different in price are mechanically the same machine, made in the same factory but with different plastics and included accessories  both of which were terrible unreliable, mechanical problems. trying inferior and yet more expensive machines made me realize what a great value the brother d is. it cannot do everything, but it does a lot  and very reliably. the only negatives are its a bit noisy compared to a regular sewing machine, if you are not used to that  but it works twice as fast, so that should not be a big deal and there is only one screw for both needles so removing one while keeping the other in place to do a thread vs. thread overlock requires a bit of dexterity, but is not so bad once you are accustomed to it. also because of the design of the machine your stitches are limited to the edge of things there is no room to the right of the needlesloopers, even with the cutter disengaged. for those who want to sew stretchy fabrics or otherwise want their projectsgarments to look professional, without spending a fortune, this is the machine you want.

REVIEW 362: believe all the great reviews about this machine the rolled hem is wonderful and so easy to setup. the operation is smooth and quiet. the only problem i have experienced is with the buttons to release the tension discs so the thread pulls through easily. they do not release well. but, its not a problem to turn down the tension and readjust after changing threads. i have not had the time to play with all the different functions, but the basic  thread serging and rolled hem are wonderful. my old serger had an automatic differential feed, so i never realized what it was for  until now this feature is great and fun to play with.

REVIEW 363: the serger arrived promptly and i was sewing with it just  hour out of the box. it was easy to thread, the instructions were thorough and i anticipate sewing with it often. although i have been sewing for years, this is my first serger. i am glad i bought it.

REVIEW 364: i am very pleased with this serger. i did look into numerous other sergers and decided on the brother d. i am glad i did my research, and went to a few sewing stores to play and try a handful or more sergers out. this machine is easier to use than some of the fancier and higher priced machines. i have been sewing and quilting for years...and why did not i get a serger before now i have finished quilts, made clothes for my daughters and finished projects in less than half the time it took me to use just my sewing machine...

REVIEW 365: i have been sewing for a few years now, and i decided to finally purchase a serger. within this budget, i did quite a bit of research. i got to work with the singer serger that is comparable to this one, and it was similar, but noisy and did not come with too many accessories. i think they are both good machines, but i am very happy with this brother serger. so far i have only been doing basic serging, but the machine seems to work great. it is much easier to thread than the singer models. however, the instuctional videos are quite terrible. the video for threading the serger was very poor so poor that i had to make my own to help others ...as i explore the options with this serger more, i may create some more instructional videos. the ones that come with the machine are extremely old, fuzzy, and they cut away at important moments. with that being said, i am very happy with my purchase. i am neurotic about finding exactly the right thing i want, and i believe i found it this time. once i use more of the other features, i will definitely leave more info in a review.

REVIEW 366: this is one of the easiest sergers that i have owned to thread. it take all purpose needles which most sergers have special needles that are hard to buy. it runs very smooth, no skipping stitches, something that a begineer could learn very fast. i have been sewing for  years and i highly recommend this to a begineer or a advance sewer.

REVIEW 367: for your money this is a good machine. although it has a lot of plastic, it has lots of extras that my worn out baby lock did not have. the freearm design is great. the fact that it uses regular sewing machine needles is a plus. i like the presser foot lifting lever on the right side very convenient also, if you check prices elsewhere on this machine, most do not come with the extra feet, trim trap, etc. the cds that come with it are priceless, even for someone very experienced with this type of sewing.

REVIEW 368: i bought this brother serger as my first one. i have never serged before and am very excited yet intimidated by the whole concept. it was delivered sooo quickly, ordered on sun. w free shipping and it was at my door on tuesday. way before i ever expected it. threading was pretty easy since the diagrams are on the machine. ok, here is where i am struggling. i try to start slowly but the machine will not go. it just kind of revs up until i push down really hard and then it flies and i cannot control my fabric. its completely different from my sewing machine because there is no gradual speed. its all or nothing. is this normal its absolutely impossible to sew a curved seam because i have no control. i am so bummed because everyone says how great this machine is. either i am an idiotwhich i am not or i have got a lemon. ill keep messing w it and post again if i figure it out. the straight seems look very professional.

REVIEW 369: have always wanted a surger. have done sewing for  years on a singer. read reviews on the brotherd and got one for christmas. spent an afternoon reading the instruction manual and the cd. once i got the threading down, it was a breeze. have only used on a simple project, but love it the finished seams are even and look professional. recommend for a surger beginner.

REVIEW 370: when i was looking for a serger i was trying to decide between this one and a singer offered instore at a local fabric shop. i asked one of the employees about the instore singer which had gotten around a  star rating she told me it was great, when i asked about the review rating she told me sergers are a pain, no one likes there serger. she was wrong. i am new to the whole sewing thing, and i was seriously nervous to start using my serger. it looked so intimidating. but its really a nice easy machine. the tread guides really do make treading easy. and the instruction videos it comes with are really helpful too. anyone interested in a serger should seriously consider this one.

REVIEW 371: i love this brother serger it was recommended to me as a great buy for a terrific machine, and once i used it, i had to agree. it is easy to operate and sews beautifully. you cannot beat this price for a quality serger.

REVIEW 372: i purchased the brother d serger, and i must say it is an awesome serger. the stitching on this machine is beautiful. it is also a very user friendly. the instruction manual and video cds that come with the machine are great, and teaches you in a short time how to use and thread. the manual is complimentary to the videos for quick reference. i am not new to serging, and have a . machine that does coverlock etc, but is a nightmare to thread and so tempermental in adjusting. that is why i bought the brother, which is so easy to operate that you can go from one stitch to the other without any problem. the feet that come with the serger are great, and you can learn to use them in a flash. i love the multipurpose blind hem foot, i use it for decorative flatlocking, and it keeps the stitch so even. the gathering foot i used for the first time last night and put a ruffle on a skirt, all in one operation, as easy as   .i also want to compliment amazon. com i ordered my serger, and had it on its way in no time, recieved it within  days of ordering, but i have never been disapointed with amazons service.

REVIEW 373: i am a pretty experienced sewist and when i finally wore my old serger out i knew the brother d was the one i wanted to try. when the serger arrived the threads were a bit tangled so i had to unthread the whole thing and then thread it back up before i could use it. i expected to have to mess with tensions and the threading for a while before it would work so i held my breath the first time i tried it. oh my goodness it worked perfectly the first time smooth and quiet and went through the fabric like butter i am in love, i see this machine and i having a beautiful future together my husband loves how much quieter this serger is than my old one. i love that i have finally found a machine that is just good to go right from the start it is very user intuitive. i have used higher end sergers that were not half this good. but to get this quality at this pricethis is a do not miss deal a nice solid machine with just enough bells and whistles to make me very happy. easy to thread and a very nice stitch quality i feel this serger will last me for years and keep up with me as my skill level increases.

REVIEW 374: this product is well worth the cost. at first threading the machine can be a little intimadating but it comes with a cd rom. i just looked at the instruction book and figured it that way. the knife is really handy it cuts off the excess fabric for a nice even finish. it is also so much easier to make a shirt with this i just run it through the serger and then i reinforce the seams with my standard sewing machine with a straight stitch. i am an etsy seller so having ths machine has made my life easier. i suggest setting it up and using some scrap fabric and expermenting with it before starting a project. it is a little hard to guide curved items at first but it gets easier. the tension on the foot pedal is a little diffrent from my sewing machine and it does not need so much pressure to speed up. i prefer to use the peral barefoot when i wear shoes or slippers i tend to push down too hard. i also suggest to keep a can of the canned air you use on computers handy to blow off dust and thread from the inside, its faster and easier than the little brush that comes with the serger. overall its a great value for the money and runs smoothly.

REVIEW 375: received the serger about a month ago and have used it a few times. first time owning a serger. the only experience i have had with a serger was from a sewing class, which i did not have to thread and setup. it took me a few hours to figure out how to properly thread the machine, after that it was easy. i have tried the rolled hem to shorten my daughters ballet dancewear, and it looked professinally done. other than that, i have mostly used it to overlock and serge. i have bought a book on serging and will try some of the decorative stitches later. overall, the serger is easy to use and i am very happy that i bought this serger.

REVIEW 376: i love this serger. granted, i have never before sewn on a serger and have no expectations of what it can do other than the obvious. but for the price, this is a fun little machine.

REVIEW 377: this item is wonderful. although, it does take patience to get started and does not have a second knife to clip sewing threads. once set up is completeoff you go it is great. buy it

REVIEW 378: like many reviewers i was afraid of sergers for some time. this product came with some easy to follow dvds, and i was able to start serging right away. great price. highly recommend it.

REVIEW 379: i received my serger on friday and am quite impressed with this machine. the loopers are fairly easy to thread. the machine is quiet and fast. all in all, a great buy for under .

REVIEW 380: i made two fleece hats with this. then i recenly started sewing a dress out of cotton and had all kinds of trouble. this is a poorly built serger. the presser foot broke and the design is inferior in the way it operates. could not be fixed by reputable sewing machine store. i had to manually operate the presser foot. then it jammed and would not sew at all. took it back to the store and they tell me it is a tension error and must be sent out and will probably cost  to repair. i paid  to purchase it, so putting another  into it is ridiculous. i apparently bought a lemon. very disappointed. i would suggest you purchase another serger and research it very carefully. get one with a better warranty. i wasted my money.

REVIEW 381: overall comments. the machine runs smoothly, without too much noise.. the guts of the machine all appear sturdysolid some of the superficial plastic parts scare me a little because they look like they could break easily. in particular, the extendable thread guide thread tree on top of the machine.. the machine arrived, ready to use. this was a nice benefit because it allows you to try it out instantly. everything was well packed.. the fact that it uses regular sewing machine needles and thread is a plus in my mind save money in not having to stock up on multiple sets of accessories. note, however, that due to the differences between a serger and a regular sewing machine, there will probably be instances where you want to buy different threads for each machines, depending on the specifics of your project.. the machine comes with a number of nice accessories, manuals, and instructional videos. i found the manuals and videos are ok, but not great. more about that below. note the videos do not work on my macbook pro, but i was able to view them on someone elses pc. the rest of this review is for those, like me, who have never used a serger before. like many other reviewers, i have thought about getting one for years, but was intimidated by them they looked so complicated. also, they were quite expensive. i would classify my sewing skill level as just beyond beginner. on top of that, i have only recently taken it up again after not doing any sewing in maybe  years. the biggest frustrations i have had with my  year old singer clunker are a finishing hems easily and with a professional look b sewing knits. so, i decided to check out the serger market, and was surprised to find one in this price point, and with encouraging reviews from other novices. so i decided to give it a try. i have had mine for about a month now, and other than experimenting with it, i have completed one garment. i love the ease of use as well as the results. this did not happen without some pain, however. but i believe you learn more from your mistakes than from anything else, so i feel better for having gone through that. the first thing i did when i received the machine was untangle the threads i left the machine threaded, i just worked the thread from the spool side of things. i looked through the videos and the manuals i did a couple of practice runs without changing any of the settings on a piece of basic cotton fabric everything was greatthen i made what might be considered a mistake to some i went from there to trying to do a rolled hem on a very thin, gauzy fabric. i created quite a mess, the threads got tangled, the results were not right, and of course, the thread kept breaking and i had to rethread many many times. i got quite frustrated as i kept referring to the manuals and the videos, but just could not figure it out. then i went to the internet for help. what a life saver in particular, a video on you tube calledthreading a brother d serger by artistkaesewing who made this video specifically because the brother instructions were so difficult to follow. this saved my day i actually had to rethread many times until i got all the adjustments right for the rolled hem, so while that was frustrating, i am now a pro at threading the machine from all the experience i gained. in hindsight, it was probably not a good idea to work with a fine fabric and a special stitch for my very first project.  i also recommend a book called the complete serger handbook by chris james. i find it fills in many many gaps in my knowedge since i am a beginner to serging and it does so in a very easy to follow format with lots of great illustrations. here are a couple of other tips from someone who learned the hard way. i did not pick up on any instructions anywhere on where to line up your fabric while sewing. it may be there, but i just never noticed. unlike my regular sewing machine which has a guide line labeled   the serger just has some subtle slightly raised lines in the plastic area in front of the needle ... with one of these lines thicker than the others. that is what you want to use.. i did not realize that my thread tree was not fully extended which i unpacked it. for sewing on regular fabric, it did not seem to make a difference. but when working on the rolled hem on the gauzy material, i believe this was one of the main reasons why my thread kept breaking. maybe these tips will save someone out there some frustration. overall, i am very happy with it. i know enough to use it for basic functionality i will just have to learn the other features as i go. i am glad to have one successful project under my belt to boost my confidence. i am glad i bought it i feel i can now bring my sewing skills and results to the next level.

REVIEW 382: when i received the machine in very short order i was surprised and happy. it came threaded and i startedusing it right away. it needs a little help to get started on the stitching by a slight turn of the knob but afterthat it was good to go. i am very happy with the machine performance. of course within a couple weeks it became unthreaded and try as i might it will not sew right again. i have gone thru the booklet a couple times and looked at the directions shown on the machine but it is not workingfor me. i am going to sit down and follow the directions step by step and if that does not do it i will need helpfrom somewhere getting it threaded. i am sure its one of those, once i do it right then it will be a quick and easy thing. right now no. i do love the machine. i just need to figure out how to thread the little thing.

REVIEW 383: i am pretty new to serious sewing. i have done a few projects over the years, making some items and doing a lot of repairs on jeans etc, with a regular sewing machine. last year i did my first coat which was challenging and i certainly learned a lot, but while it looked ok on the outside, the inside has a lot of raw edges. over the last month i have been making a robe. i saw a pro friend use a serger and got interested in it, but did not want to spend a thousand bucks. when i recently looked at the lower priced models, i was apprehensive. would they break were they versatile enough i have liked other brother equipment  i have one of their printers  but a serger is a whole different machine. after reading a bunch of reviews on the brother d, and in the middle of this project and facing doing a lot of hems and finishing work, i took the plunge. boy am i glad i did. i got it last wednesday today is sunday and i finished the robe. rethreading the serger is not hard, but practicing on scraps is absolutely invaluable. i did a blind hem with the included foot, which took more practice to get right. i finished all of the interior seams and edges in minutes, and the results look great. ill be able to go back to the coat and finish it off with the serger. the time i saved and how easy it was to get good results more than made up for the price. i am super happy with this purchase and looking forward to more projects.

REVIEW 384: i have always thought a serger would be difficult and take more skill and focus than i have at this stage as an infrequent sewer. this thing literally comes out of the box ready to go, the threading instructions are very easy to follow, i had a few questions but the dvd included cleared up my question in less than  minutes. i just got it a few days ago and whipped out  superhero capes for my sons bdayno problem. i bought a book but do not think ill even need it except if i really want to do something really involved. might like to do more complicated projects one day and will have no hesitation about diving right in. love it, love it, love it.

REVIEW 385: i am completely new to serging, but have been shopping around for a while for a serger. i had sent the information to a few friends who have been sewing and serging for years, and they all agreed that this was an excellent machine especially for the price and for the features. sergers have come a long way in the past few years. my serger came prethreaded, but the instructions for threading appear easy to follow. i am going to change the thread colors tonight, so i will be trying the tieoff method as described in the owners manual. i still need to look at the cdsdvds that came with the machine i am positive that they will provide even more insight to the world of serging. i also purchased the  books that were recommended the ultimate serger answer guide troubleshooting for any overlock brand or model creative machine arts seriesand sewing with sergers the complete handbook for overlock sewing serging . . . from basics to creative possibilities series. both books have been helpful in getting a greater understanding of my machine and sergers in genereal. i look forward to doing a lot more decorative sewing with my serger. if you know someone with a serger try theirs out first, but i guarantee you are going to love it.

REVIEW 386: i bought this machine after about a year of research. i matched up with this machine on ... with all of the criteria i filled in. basically i wanted a simple to thread serger that did other things like rolled hems and had a differential feed since i work on a variety of fabrics. it creates beautiful stitches. i have had great success with it, its easy to thread and use. the instructional dvds are very helpful. i only have one small complaint that the rolled hem feature does not do well with all fabrics and the settings were not correct in the manual. it does do well on some fabrics just not everything i have tried. it may take me tinkering with it some more. my previous serger was a white  and that dinosaur was a heart attack to thread and keep going so this brother serger is a dream compared to that

REVIEW 387: after reading reviews and seeing this machine demoed on tv .i decided to buy it. having never used a serger before i was somewhat afraid that i might of over stepped my bounds,but the manual and videos were so self explannatory that it ony took me acouple of minutes to figure everthing out. for the money this serger is a great value.

REVIEW 388: i bought this serger for my business making handmade baby items. i was concerned about not buying an industrial machine, but the reviews were good and the price cannot be beat. this serger is wonderful the video instructions are really helpful and its quite easy to thread. i had worked on sergers before when i worked in a professional costume shop, but i never had to do the threading. i have been able to thread it with no problem each time i change thread colors. its very fast as well. i was told the speed is about as fast as they get. i highly recommend this product.

REVIEW 389: i purchased this machine after reading review after review on it, and it being the right price for me i use this machine at the least  hours a day and it goes and goes and goes. its simple to use, easy to adjust and the directions are easy to follow and made me feel like an expert right away. i love that it comes with the rolled hem foot, and the gathering foot, as i use the gathering foot allot. i own a small tribal bellydance costume company, and this machine is perfect for me. my customers have commented on how nice and professional items looki would recomend this machine to almost anyone who is on a budget but wants or needs a serger machine

REVIEW 390: great little machine i am justlearning to sew and i think it is great. my sewing instructor, who sells sergers, is also impressed. you could pay more, but why would you want to the two cds it comes with are a big help in learning how to use it as well as the manual. its a no brainer..buy it

REVIEW 391: this is my first serger. i had used one briefly in the past, but i did not have to set it up. in the short time i have owned this machine, i have realized that sergers are not as difficult to deal with as people make them out to be. this serger in particular is a joy to use. it is apparent that brother has tried to make the d as userfriendly as possible. i am looking forward to learning how to use all of its capabilities and putting it through its paces. features  set up. the machine is color coded for each of the four different tension dials and thread paths. this was one of the selling points for me.. the machine comes already threaded with thread corresponding to the color of the tension dials. also, the manufacturer has done a test chain and sewn a test swatch. it illustrates exactly what part each of the four threads play in the creation of a fourthread balanced overlock stitch. this is also illustrated next to each of the colored tension dials.. the tension dials are large and easy to adjust.. the normal stitch length and width, and differential feed are marked on the dials. it is easy to use these marks as a baseline when making adjustments.. two of the three feet which used to be optional for approximately  each are now included.. accessories included with this machine are of very good quality.. the various instructional media are very helpful. threading  operation. threading the machine is very easy to do. there are colored guides and illustrations, as well as numerical prompts.. it runs very quickly and smoothly. it is not much louder than any mechanical noncomputerized machine i have ever used.. the knives can easily be disengaged and reengaged with a lever.. the stitch finger is easy to remove and insert. there is also a storage spot in the front cover for the stitch finger when it is not in use.. this machine does a very pretty scarf rolled hem. the four and threethread balanced stitches are perfect right out of the box.

REVIEW 392: i do not much about sewing, i purchased this machine for my wife. i might have to return it because i cannot get her off of it all i hear is i cannot believe i have been sewing my whole life and i never had one of these. so, i say if you are looking to get rid of your wife for hours at a time, buy it

REVIEW 393: i have never used a serger before, and in fact, am not that hot of a seamstress. i am mainly self taught, and i never really learned to read a pattern, so tend to craft things of my own design..but had not really sewn in a lot of yeras. i have reached an age where all clothing in stores either looks like it belongs on a ten year old, a twenty year old, or someone from ...i do not wear bright clingy florals. no thanks. so, i decided id try my hand at sewing again and design some clothing for myself that was drapey, and cool, and decidedly not for a  year old. my problem is that i love linen, however the frayed edges and lack of finished look i was getting on my regular machine was getting to be a drag....i am also quite lazy about seam finishing. been looking at sergers for several months now and after reading all of these reviews, decided to take the plunge. the box arrived damaged, which freaked me out. but the inner box was fine. however, as some other reviewers noted, the four color threads looked like a spider had been busy in the box i did not even bother unpacking it as i was afraid id tangle things further. i wonder if the company ought to perhaps tape these spools down so that they are not all pellmell enmeshed around the edges of the box on openingthat day, i got on the phone and found a local fabric shop that just happened to be teaching a serger class that weekend. boy oh boy so i signed up. best thing i could have done. they spent all day teaching myself and several other students with equally tangled up machines the basics of the whole shebang. and let me tell ya i got this baby home and serged me some clothing a lovely pair of frilly legged bloomers, a little tshirt, and a simple skirt and they do not look like lucy ricardo ran them off on her machine because ricky would not let her buy a new dress once i had the basic knowhow down it was so easy to usei do think that you need both the serger and a regular machine, as it will not do some things, straight stitching or piecing one thing to another in a traditional way, for instance. so yes....threading once learned, is easy. sadly, i found no cds in the box, so it was a good thing i found the class. perhaps they are no longer including them as all of this is available online which seems a bad idea as not all people have access to the internet. i even knew how to remove the little key in order to do the rolled hems etc...this was so easy to use that three of the other women in the class i took a class of only five are purchasing the machine to replace their far more expensive singers, janomes, and babylocks. amazing even our teacher said she would now, having seen the machine in action, be recommending it to users who had not purchased one. i do not write a boat load of reviews, but i am writing one as the other reviews here were the tipping point for my own purchase...i would purchase this again, no hesitation. but i am hoping for years of happy sewing.

REVIEW 394: this is a great serger. i researched alot and did not want to spend too much for my first one not knowing if i would like it or if i was capable of using it. iam an average sewer. i started up sewing again after  years of no sewing machine. recievd a sewing machine for a christmas gift a couple of years ago and i just took off started on easy things to get back into the swing of things and slowly progressing and relearning things. i had heard about sergers but did not know what they did so i started researching. boy, was i overwelmed. found this one at a good price and after reading other reviews i thought i would get it. absolutly no regrets. it is sooooo easy. i thought i would be intimtated but i read the instruction book cover to cover first and it comes with two dvds to help you along and really see what i had read in the booket. after reading the instruction book and watching the dvds i had it threaded in  minutes. sewing on it in  minutes. do not forget to take notes when watching the dvds and every time you use it and adjust it for another project, write down the settings. will make it much easier. buy it. you will not regret it.

REVIEW 395: everyone needs a serger. i do not have a lot of knowledge and this machine was perfect. i was able to thread it with just a little help from the dvd. it works like a dream. my mother in law owns a very expensive machine that she paid well over  for, and i feel my machine that i spent around  for works just as well. i like it better too. this is a great machine especially if you are new to sewing and just want something to help you finish edges. i use mine for almost everything. i serge the edges of fabric before i wash it, i serge the edges of fabric before i sew them, i just love to serge.

REVIEW 396: i am new to serging although, i have been sewing many years. this machine is easy to thread, has beautiful stitches and is lightweight. i am so glad i decided on the brother.

REVIEW 397: i think if you are looking at this machine, you are either a new to serging or b impressed by the price and interested in the quality. i am completely new to sergers, but i did my homework before buying this one, and for the price and the performance, this serger has a perfect balance. i was also concerned about being able to figure out how to use it on my own so many people talk about taking a class but within a day i felt like i knew it inside and out. its setup is uncomplicated and i was able to get right to work. there is something to be said about passing over the machine that can do it all and buying one that just does what you need. the howto videos are wonderful for the visual learner. you can pick up the same knowledge from the thorough instruction books included, but the videos reinforce the book. watching the video on threading once, and following the line drawings on the machine itself, i was able to thread the machine in  minutes. its really not that hard  its all color coded and the steps are numbered, but the videos help included are two additional feet, one for a blind hemflatlock and another for gathering ruffles as you sew. together, they themselves are an  value. the feet are snapon when i read about that online i instantly thought of breakable plastic, but the feet are primarily metal with some plastic pieces on the blind hem foot  the snapon construction is very easy to use and solid i. e. nothing is going to snap off over time its very easy to set the tension and the manual has a very clear chart on troubleshooting uneven stitches with  threads, there are multiple things that can be off with the tension. the company description says that it does  stitch functions, which i think is a little misleading it does the basic stuff and they show different applications for the basics. this is what it does. thread overlock uses  threads best for use with knits or upholstery fabric. thread overlock general use in two widths  mm using only the right needle and mm using only the left. rolled hem great for edges of napkins, pajama bottoms, frilly skirts, etc. flatlock stitch decorative or flat seams. blind hemthis is what it does not do. coverlock stitch stretchy stitch with two straight lines on the front of the fabric. if you are sewing for yourself i. e. not selling what you make, you can fake this stitch on your regular zigzag sewing machine with a twin needle. its not quite the same, but close enough for me.. chain stitch a semistraight stitch, similar to a regular sewing machine but easier to rip out i. e. good for basting and a good reinforcement for upholsteryother sergers i looked at that did the coverlock stitch in addition to overlock, etc. had complicated and time consuming adjustments to be made to switch to the coverlock. if you are going to use it a lot, consider getting a separate machine that does it the brother model is cv. the one feature the d is missing for me is the ability to do a thread overlock and a chain stitch at the same time  good for upholstery but something available only on a  thread machine. nice little things. you have the option of using regular thread spools cheaper and smaller if you do not need  yards x  of whatever color you are buying. you use regular needles  so you can use them in both your regular sewing machine and your serger. its really easy to control speed with the foot pedal  very responsive. disabling the knife that trims your fabric as you sew is done with just the flick of a switch. differential feed allows you to sew any thickness of fabric, line up stripes evenly, etc.

REVIEW 398: i have been sewing since i was  years old. i make fashions for myself and others. however, i have secretly feared the serger for years. i have quietly been hiding my fear by avoiding wearing any of the knitwear i have made. my conventional machine is a top of the line viking with many features yet i have never been happy with finished look of knits made on any conventional machine. they just cannot match yet alone exceed the look of rtw knits. the purpose of my lengthy introduction is to support my high rating of this entrylevel serger. i had no problem dropping  for a conventional machine but was not prepared to make such a big investment for something i might hate. i am an experienced seamstress who is obviously missed the boat on the necessity of a serger. before choosing this serger i did my research. i have read reviews here on amazon and several other sites about it taking into consideration everything users had to say. many people wrote about the users manual and software and were disappointed it them. i was so excited when it arrived that i did not even look at the software. i read the manual, removed the sample thread, rethreaded it, and was serging in  minutes everything on the machine is marked by color and number. try to forget every frightening thing you have ever hear about it and jump in. i think the fear factor has made many seamstresses look for monsters in the loopers and needs. my only problem has been that i am used to the presser foot lifter being on the left not the right..big deal. biggest thing to remember is to thread it in order no matter what. few people want to change thread but if you take your time and literally follow the numbers, you will be serging a sample in  minutes. i have tested scraps of every type of fabric i could think of and made the adjustments as the book describes and everythings been perfect. yes, its a bit loud but putting a rubber mat underneath it helps a lot. i was lucky enough to get a new one on amazon for approximately  delivered. its worth every penny and more. i am only mad at myself for waiting so long to enter the world of serging. its cut my construction time in half. i will not be buying any rtw knits anymore. i have had it for a week and i have completed  projects though i work fulltime. i have gushed enough, got to sew.

REVIEW 399: months ago i purchased a brother d serger for my business. i have been using this machine consistantly    hours each day with no problems. i have been so impressed with its performance and reliability that i purchased a second brother d last week. threading is easy, motor is quiet and adjusting tension is a breeze. i highly recommend this machine if you want an inexpensive and reliable work horse.

REVIEW 400: i bought my first serger eight years ago and it was a brother. i liked it but went to have my singer sewing machine tuned up a couple of months ago and got talked into buying a singer serger. i traded in my brother and that was a mistake i took the singer back for a better one and that one is now sitting in the box in the basement. i then ordered the d brother serger from amazon and i am happy again. it threads much easier, it is quieter and i do not have to keep readjusting the tension. i like the foot feed lever on the right. i also like that there are no obstructions near the loopers and the regular needles. with the singer i could not get my fingers in there for threading. i would recommend this serger to anyone who sews and wants a machine that is easy to use.

REVIEW 401: i first bought a used unheard of name brand serger to practice with before i bought a good one, not being sure id like serging, big mistake huge i had the other serger less than a week before reselling it on ebay. i had nothing but problems with it and it almost scared me out of buying another one. after much research and reading every review i could find on every brand of serger ever made. the brother d had only  bad reviews under  stars on the  sites i checked.  were because they had a uk plug, which had nothing to do with the machine itself being bad. the other one was from a woman who was a self proclaimed sewing goddess who had a thousand dollar machine and this one did not compare to it duh. this serger brother d is so much fun. i have been playing with it for days and still get excited with every stitch i make. the instruction manual is very detailed and easy to follow with illistrations, plus there is a seperate manual that shows you all the different stitches and how to set your machine to the exact tension for each stitch  different ones plus gives you ideas on how to make your own unique stitches. it also came with some c. ds that i have not even watched yet. the machine comes prethreaded with colored thread to match the threading guides. it is not as difficult as some people make it out to be nor as complicated as it looks to be. if you can follow directions and you can thread a conventional machine this is a piece of cake. there are color coded numbers for each thread, just follow the numbers. you also get  feet, foots whatever you would like to call them  one is all purpose which is great a blind hem foot awesome and a gathering foot that i have not tried yet. believe me when i say this machine is awesome and worth it to spend a little extra money on qualtity. believe me i know there are cheaper ones and i have already been there, done that, do not make that mistake. amazon is the cheapest website to buy it, i also took advantage of the super saver shipping and it was here in  days talk about fast amazon also has great customer service and return policy just in casei hope that this review scares you away from other machines and makes you pick this one. i am confident that you will be extremely happy with the purchase as i was, unless you are a self proclaimed sewing goddess with a thousand dollar serger already p. this machine is great for the first time sewer to the sewer looking to upgrade. i have already done all the research for you now all you have to do is buy it and start serginglostinserenity

REVIEW 402: i was skeptical buying a less expensive serger, wanted a babylock, but could not afford it gave my last babylock to a family member. i am very impressed with this serger. very easy to thread, and it is a great mechanical machine, does an excellent job, runs well. keep it oiled, and it is quiet and just goes and goes i use it for piecing quilts, have not tried any of the other functions, but i am sure it will do well on everything. sandy

REVIEW 403: in the middle of a huge curtain making endeavour my old overlocker seized up...checked out the web reviews and found this one to rate best for my purposes...i am actually making patchwork curtains so i am doing alot of serging pieces together and this machine is working fine once i got the hang of the different threading system...the only complaint i have is that the tensions are a little strange but hey that is something you get the hang of as you go along...am loving the blind hem feature, something id never ventured into using before and must say that after a few long curtain hems i have pretty much got it invisible...highly recommend this machine for beginner to intermediate sewers...i am sure there is a better machine out there for sewing goddesses but for the price this machine works well and is good value

REVIEW 404: note on septemberth,  mine has a us plug. if you get one with a foreign plug, as in one review after this one...please see that you get customer service at amazon, and i know they will help you out with that. i was afraid of sergers, never having operated one, even though i have sewed for decades and own a sewing machine. the deal on this serger at amazon is so good though, that i purchased. i have never seen this excellent level of instructions in any other machine i have ever purchased. and i mean not just sewing machines, but anything. the box includes two cds...minor critique here  why not do it on dvd well, even though they say they are for windows  and above, the cds mount on a mac and all you have to do is play the mpegs and you have the instructions. the only thing the windows pc will do is autorun the cd, and provide a menu which you then must click anyway. i made myself a guide to which order to play the videos in, and use it on my mac in addition to the basic cd, there is another one that has a refresher of the basics, plus illustrations of several other techniques. both cds are done by a woman with an excellent style of communication. in addition, there is a complete print manual, and you can download a pdf of this manual from the brother site. all in all a great start. i watched the videos about ten times, then i began to serge. the machine runs fast and smooth, and i am looking forward to many hours of fun i have already made a pair of slacks, and i cannot wait to get back to sewing.

REVIEW 405: last night at pm, right at the start of glee, i opened the huge square box that my brother serger machine came in. it was nicely packed and the machine was much bigger than i had imagined. it came prethreaded with corresponding threads to the  color coded thread passages. it came with a cd to view on my pc. i paged thru the book for  minutes to familiarize myself with things and then popped the cd in my computer. i only watched the first  lessons as i did not want to go into overload trying to process things i did not need to get started. i will go back to watch those videos when i need those features. i watched the threading lesson  times. then i set the machine up on my kitchen table. it was pm. it took me  minutes to thread the machine with my own new white large spools. i purchased  white and  black. even though it takes regular spools of thread, i figured i would stock up on the  colors that i would use the most. and  . each, they were a bargain and ensured i would not run out of thread for a while. i used the tie on method that is explained in part on the enclosed video. finally satisfied and confident that i was ready to start, i gently pushed the accelerator to stitch on some scrap fabric. i was pleasantly surprised at how smooth the machine ran and the speed and ease of mobility. the default tensions settings worked for me so i did not touch them, but i did experiment a bit with the stitch length and width settings. so here is the good news. by , one hour and  minutes total i had begun to sew the bodice and belt ties of dgds christening gown. i really like the machine and encourage those of you who have one, but like me were overwhelmed to get started, to do just that. open it up and see what it can do. to those who have always thought of buying a serger, i say do it. there are a couple things that i feel need improvement though.. the video and the manual contradict each other regarding the how to thread process. this is the most important thing on a serger  getting it threaded correctly  and its not  clear. the manual says to always thread the upper looper, lower looper, right needle and left needle in that order. in the video, the instructor starts with the left needle. i think it would be helpful to remember the following sequence using the color code that occurred to me last night. gbpy  gabippy green, blue, pink, yellow is the threading order.. the seam allowance guide is not explained anywhere that i could see. being an experienced sewer, i kind of figured it out, but i could see how it could be a problem for beginners. the raised bolded line to the right of the needle is the standard  seam allowance. the line to the left is either  or  and then the one closest to the needle is either  or . i will have to measure the stitching with the knife blade recessed in order to get a more accurate definition of the seam allowance guide.. the manual says to oil your machine, but then does not include the oil.. the machine gets filled with lint from the fabric very quickly. i recommend getting a can of compressed air available  office supply stores and give it a good blow out after you are done sewing.

REVIEW 406: i had seen how sergers worked so decided to purchase one for my own use. knowing very little about sergers, i took a risk and purchased this one after reading the reviews. i love it it is so easy to use. the machine comes with cds containing full instructions on how to use the machine and even helpful hints which i find are great, especially for me, a beginner to serging. my seams now take no time to finish versus the old fashion way of zigzagging on a sewing machine. the professional looking finish is awesome. the finished decorative stitches allow me to make oneofakind clothing for both myself and grandkids. and oh the compliments i have gotten. i am very happy with this serger and would highly recommend it to all. super easy with fantastic results. take it from an inexperienced seamstress...you cannot go wrong with this machine

REVIEW 407: i bought this serger for two reasons. one was all the positive reviews i have seen on this and other sites. the other reason is i have a brother sewing machine that i adore. having had an old sewing machine and an ancient serger, i found both to be a pain to thread. when replacing my sewing machine a couple years ago, i happened upon a brother sewing machine, and absolutely adore how easy it is to thread. it definately renewed my interest in sewing and i have happily sewed many a project since that purchase. recently i decided to replace my old serger so i checked out brother to see if i could find a serger that would be easy to thread and use...low and behold i luckily found this one, and i am so very pleased. this serger is a dream to thread with its color coded and numerical system which is marked right on the serger. i did it once, and i do not think i will even need the manual to do it again. this serger performs beautifully. the instruction manual is full of information and the two cds give you additional visual information to make this serger live up to your dreams. i am very happy with the purchase of this serger, and if you are hestitant at all to buy it, you should not be i am sure there are way more expensive models out there that will do more, but for the home sewer that wants a straight forward, easy to use, affordable serger, then this is the one brother definately makes great machines

REVIEW 408: i keep asking myself why i waited so long to get a serger i am amazed at what this machine will do. i love it this was bought for me as a christmas present and i have to say that it is my favorite gift of all. i have sewn several projects on it and it sews beautifully. i have tried out all the stitches on sample fabric and cannot wait to try them out on a project. just remember that this is a serger and it does not do basic stitches like a sewing machine. you will have to have both machines if you want just the basic stitches. i do not know why anyone would give a bad review on this serger, unless they just did not know what they were doing. be on the look out for a new designer  me

REVIEW 409: wow it really does deserve the positive feedback that so many people have left for it. super easy i also removed the thread and threaded it with cone thread in five minutes never having owned a serger before and not even reading the instructions the time saving benefits outweigh any other variable for me. i primarily sew stretch knits and grew increasingly impatient over sewing zigzag stitches, pressing them all out meticulously and straining the trim the seams to match.... the clean finish that the knife provides is amazing i recd this as a christmas gift and have been self teaching for a couple of weeks now. another favorite for me is the rolled hem as i like to use it on intimates and raw jersey hems. and if you use the  stitch overlock it is literally a two second adjustment to use the  thread rolled hem which can eliminate a standard machine all togetherif i could improve one feature it would only be that the cord was longer now that two machines sit on my sewing table the extra couple of inches would really help but no biggie an extension cord works just fine.

REVIEW 410: i have been sewing for  years  about  months ago ventured into the world of sergers with this machine. i did not know how much id use it, so i did not want to spend a ton of money. this little machine is great i use it all the time. i was able to thread it easily this was my biggest fear right out of the box, using the helpful diagrams right on the machine itself. i have used this for many projects already hemming a nylon slip, sewing fleece, hemming napkins rolled edge, sewing cordurouy for a kids project.... i am not sure how i got along without one. it goes so much faster than a sewing machine, especially when you figure you are doing  things at once sewing the seam  covering the raw edge. and the results are so professional looking. i only wish i had bought one sooner. it also comes with a very helpful manual showing different kinds of stitches  what settings to use on your machine to get the desired look. the only thing i would caution is that it does not seem to like very heavy fabrics like heavy denim, especially when you get a few layers together, like at a seam. if you are going to be working on a lot of heavy duty fabrics, you might want to invest in a more heavyduty machine. but, this is a great starter machine, and will do most fabrics with ease.

REVIEW 411: i really did a lot of research before i bought this machine. i purchased books on serging to see which features i really wanted and could afford. i absolutely love this brother machine. i had never used a serger before, but i was up and serging in no time. the instructions and dvds that come with it were easy to understand. threading is pretty straight forward and only took me a few times to master. i have used this serger on various fabrics and textures with excellent results. i have never used another serger, so i cannot compare, but i will say i am  satisfied for the brother . it is well worth the money.

REVIEW 412: i am new to serging and was afraid the machine would be to complicated. it took me about  min. to thread. you do not even need to rethread the machine to use a new thread color, just tie the new thread to the old thread and set tention knobs to zero to feed it through and your done. you can also use regular thread spools. it is so easy to use with no thread tention problems. i have only moderate sewing skill and wanted more finished results. a dream really speads up my projects. my only regret is that i did not buy it ealier. if you are a professional seamstress, you may need a more complicated machine with extra bells and whistles. free shipping was fast. had the machine in  days. awesome, awesome, awesome

REVIEW 413: i purchased this serger based on the reviews. i was not disappointed, this machine is easy to use,and quiet. i had never used a serger before and found it easy to learn and operate. finished my project  table toppers made of raw silk. they came out beautiful and look professional. the reviewers were correct this machine is great, cannot wait to start a new project.

REVIEW 414: i am relatively new to serging, and i did quite a bit of shopping around before deciding to buy this one. i have been taking fashion construction classes at the local community college and thought that i would likely invest in a machine similar to those used at school. i assume, rightly so, that they know what they are doing and would outfit the school with good, durable machines bernina, baby lock, etc. after looking at all these other brands, as well as their prices, i thought that i would minimize my investment in my first serger and give this one a try... everyone is high ratings gave me a lot of confidence. i have to say, right off the bat, that i was impressed the moment i opened the box. this is a solid, wellconstructed machine that ships loaded with accessories and instructions. i get the sense immediately that brother is proud of this machine and is determined that their customers will be successful and enjoy using it. i know that sounds kind of corny, but i am impressed from the getgo that i get so much from brother for such an amazing value. mine contains  cds of instructions and techniques, which i did not even expect. the cds are a little dated made for windows  but were easily accessible on my macintosh. the machine also arrives prethreaded. the machine, as well as the instructions, really lay out how each part of the machine and threading work, and how to get the best results for different kinds of finishes. i have yet to find something negative to report about this machine, but will update my review should i run into any problems. for now, full steam ahead

REVIEW 415: i got this serger for mothers day last year and just ordered another for my friend yesterday. i am fairly new to sewing and am in no way an expert. i saw all of the great reviews on this and immediately told my hubby about it. he then purchased it for me for mothers day. i was so intimidated by it, that i left it sealed in the box until a month ago. it was just the thought of using a serger with all those threads. i thought that if i had it, i might as well use it....and i am so glad i did the informative dvd was a life saver because i have never even seen how a serger is threaded let alone done it myself. the best advice i can give you is to use the technique where you keep the machine threaded and tie the new thread to the old ones and pull them through. i am so happy with this machine that i have been recommending it to everyone i know that sews. you cannot beat it for the money. the other nice ones are so expensive in comparison and i cannot see where they would be any better than this one. i hope this helps

REVIEW 416: i am a fashion designer, and i was looking for some kind of easy to work and not expensive thread serger, i saw many options including the singer brand, but the reviews were not that great,brother d  layin thread sergeruntil i found this one. i like the price and i took the risk ....and it was awesome, so easy to work with, its really easy to thread and its really smooth and quiet. one of the things i was happy with, its the flat overlock stich, whatever you need to finish with this little machine, its going to be great. just practice the tension and you going to enjoy it as much as me.

REVIEW 417: this is a great serger for the price i purchased a different more expensive serger before this and returned it after only  hours of trying to get it to work the brother serger comes with a great instructional cdrom to make sure you get the most out of your serger. the removable stitch finger for rolled hems was very easy to use, i was able to make  dance skirts in a matter of a couple of hours with the neat rolled hem. the machine is easy to adjust for different thickness fabrics and the heirloom stitches is great for sewing those special outfits. i also own a brother sewing machine and so far have not had any trouble with either of them i am very happy with the machines, how they run and most especially the special features and stitches you get with the machine for such a reasonable price

REVIEW 418: this is great machine to work with. good features. its very easy to work with. i love the way its look. i am new with this serger. i had to choose between singer and brother, reason i choose the brother, its had more features and quality and the style. i am glad i chose brother d.

REVIEW 419: this was my first time using a serger and i could not wait to start. i paid for  day shipping and got it in  day. that was awesome thanks amazon it was a little intimidating when i opened it up to rethread the machine. it took a while to learn the correct way to thread it but once i did, you can sew a pair of shorts in  min i have not attempted  thread or rolled hem yet... but the  thread for seams does a great job this machine is very fast and not too noisy. i would recommend anyone who would like to sew clothes or ect.. and make it look professional, buy this machine my kids love there cute character clothes now

REVIEW 420: this is my third, and favorite serger. i run a busy etsy based business and this serger helps me whip out a huge quantity of items quickly and flawlessly. the machine works fantastic and has many settings and a very easy to understand manual with pictures. very very easy to thread this machine compared to singer machines i have had before. seems much sturdier and a really great buy

REVIEW 421: love my brother serger d except for  thing  i used it only  times and the presser foot would not lift. took to a repairman who said that the gear inside is plastic and it stripped, and probably would continue to do so even if replaced. i use it without lifting the presser foot, but it sure makes it unhandy and sometimes frustrating.

REVIEW 422: i am still pretty close to a novice when it comes to sewing, though i have made quite a few things for myself and my daughter that are wearable outside of the house. i found that certain fabrics just did not work well with my sewing machine, so i bought this serger. i never realized how much easier clothesmaking could be with a serger the idea of threading was terrifiying, but this serger happens to be very user friendly. an uncomplicated guide right on the machine takes you step by step through the process. i am sure this machine does only a small fraction of what higher end machines do but if you are a home sewer who is new to serging and looking to make clothes or home decor items, this machine is the way to go. i love the fact that there was an instructional dvd included so you could actually see the machine in action, as opposed to trying to understand written instructions with few pictures thrown in.

REVIEW 423: i bought this machine a year ago, just finally getting around to reviewing. i am new to the world of sergers, but this has been a wonderful machine for me. its a consistent, wellmade machine, and you cannot beat the price i am also impressed by how much it can actually do. a friend of mine was so impressed with my machine that she bought her own this past winter and has been using multiple times a week ever since. if you want a fancy serger, then go pay for a fancy one. if you are looking for a serger on a budget and do not need a fancy machine, then go this route

REVIEW 424: i got this serger  years ago after  years of making my clothing on a regular sewing machine. now i use the serger for everything except buttonholes, cover stitching, and some darts. sewing is a breeze with a serger and this is a fine machine. i have not experienced any problems with it in  years. it was delivered the day after i ordered it. on the first day i just read the instructions and practiced threading it and working on scraps. updated july after owning this machine for  years and working on it practically every day, at least every weekend, the screw that holds the needles in place popped out and i cannot get it to stay in. bottom line the machine cannot be used. for a total cost of under , this wonderful machine has paid for itself. i decided to buy a new one instead of hunting down a repair since i do not have a car and it would be a hassle. i thought i would try a  thread machine instead of  thread, even though more expensive, but after reading many reviews, i did not find anything that sounded better than this one. so the bottom line is i reordered this model. i also ordered the brother c cover stitch machine which is not a serger but looks like one, and is supposed to provide additional stitches like hem stitch on knits not provided by the serger. there are not many reviews for the c and they are mixed, but i am hoping it will work for me. i will write reviews after i have had a chance to use it.

REVIEW 425: i have been wanting a serger for years and finally purchased one for my birthday. i did research on all the brands and found this one to be the best deal for the money and the reviews were great. it sews like a dream and i love it. the only problem i had was the lower looper kept breaking the cd that came with the machine is not exactly correct. it tells you to catch the thread on he sliding guide, but you only need to place the thread on it then close it. also, it said to lower the needles after each threading, but i found on a youtube video to wait until all is threaded to lower the needles and then raise them to catch the looper threads. it does not break now and i highly recommend this serger to anyone who sews. amazon is my favorite store.

REVIEW 426: i read through hundreds of reviews before i purchased this serger. i wanted a serger but was afraid that i would not be able to thread it properly or set the tensions properly. i am so glad that i took the plunge it comes prethreaded and preset to regular serging stitches. i have already threaded it myself several times and it is not that hard to do. simply follow the color coded thread guides. the handbook and included dvds give good instructions for threading. i have only had this serger for a few weeks now but i am very pleased with it. it is userfriendly and not too difficult for a beginning serger to learn to use. i only gave it  stars because i think that the guidebook is a little confusing. on the bright side, there are lots of serging tutorials to be found online and they are very informative. the machine is  stars for those that are already accustomed to using a serger. the price and quality of the serger make it a great buy for those of us who are beginners. i am enjoying my machine and i am looking forward to becoming more proficient with it.

REVIEW 427: just arrived, already threaded...very easy to use...good deal....liked the narrow roll hem feature, so much different from my old serger which i have to remove the plate n the foot, put on the roll hem plat n the roll hem foot, with ,this one, just one step n its done .

REVIEW 428: this is my first serger. i know there are all kinds of fancy things its supposed to do but i just needed the over locker part so i cannot speak on the rest. i will say that the threading was the most scary thing for me before i got thisit just looked so intimidating this machine however is extremely easy to thread  i had no problems at all even though i have never even seen one of these on video, let alone in person just take your time  read thru the directions because after that you will never have to look at them againits that easy one caution is that you really do have to thread it in the right order, they are not just saying that because it will rip a hole in time  space  i found it a pain to have to unthread all the way to where you have to rethread  thread it all back again but they are all like that i think. the motor is quiet  it does not jump around all over the place. its very smooth  gentle to your fabrics. my only issue is that i have not found the thing you are supposed to use as a guide to line up your fabric properly but maybe that just comes with experience oh also the top cutting knife is great even on my delicate fabrics it never pulls or anything like thatalso when you do not want it, its super easy to turn off, just flip the switch over all i really love my machineand would definitely  actually have done recommend it

REVIEW 429: this product was delivered to me on time about  hours ago. i have watched the video and reviewed the instruction book. i put my serger cone threads on it and started some practice sewing. so far, the stitch is better than my fancy machine with all the coverlock and chain stitches that i never use. this is exactly what i wanted. i love it and the price is great

REVIEW 430: had tried a singer serger approximately the same price. it was awful difficult to thread, noisy  not a good product. on the advice of consumer reports i tried this one. its great excellent instructional video easy to use. very user friendly. would definitely recommend it to anyone considering a plain vanilla serger

REVIEW 431: i took it out of the box and the hand wheel was stuck. google brother d hand wheel stuck and you will see it is a common problem. i took it to the authorized service center in my area and the lady there said that this machine is a piece of crap. she said that people bring them in regularly for some reason or another and that several times the owner just has to throw it out because nothing can be done. it will be weeks before mine is fixed or replaced. luckily it was still under warranty, but too late to return to amazon. huge bummer, spend a little more money for a better machine.

REVIEW 432: i was very intimidated by sergers. first, their price was too high and second, they seemed very complicated. i finally got the nerve to order this brother d because amazon had such a great price. i said to myself if i can figure out a computer, cell phone, and embroidery machine, i can figure out this serger. i read the instructions and practiced and now i just love it. love it to death. i have made like a dozen napkins just so i can do the rolled hem, it comes out perfect each time. no regrets if you are serious about sewing you must have this little workhorse.

REVIEW 433: i opened and set up my new brother serger and found most of the accessory package missing. i like the machine, but find it very hard to thread without the tweezers. i am finding it difficult to contact brother or amazon to have the missing items replaced without sending the entire machine back for a refund and having to purchase another one. the brother website states a response in one business day, however the email i just received said i cannot expect a response for another week due to their large volume of emails after thanksgiving. amazon site says contact the manufacture for missing parts, or their return department. the return department does not have a tab for missing items, only a way to return an item. just a little frustrating. i am hoping this problem can be resolved quickly as is usually the case when purchasing through amazon. update  after finally being able to contact the brother customer service they required copies of my original receipt, not a problem, however the person on the phone was not very pleasant. this week i received a small box in the mail with several of the missing items, but not all of them. i have tried contacting brother again, sent another email letter with receipts and am hopeful that the rest of the missing parts will be mailed. if not, i plan on returning the machine and having amazon replace it with a new one. this is the first time i have had problems dealing with items ordered through amazon.

REVIEW 434: i bought this for my mom and there is missing part. so i emailed to customer service in brother company since there is no option button for  contact seller. however, i did not hear anything from them. how can i contact seller is brother company is the seller or there is someone else help me

REVIEW 435: poor quality. arrived dirty and grease coated with thread jammed everywhere. spent several hours sprucing it up, read the instructions and was ready to sew but the machine was not. it repeatedly jammed amd was a true pain to use. turned me off to buying another serger.

REVIEW 436: the machine a brother   layin thread serger was delivered in time for me to receive it as a christmas gift from my husband. as soon as my sewing room is finished, i will be able to set this up and then be able to start using it. if i need any help with getting started, my sister, who has many years experience with this type of machines, has promised to give me a few tutor sessions.

REVIEW 437: i wanted to use this serger so badly but could not figure how to thread it for the life of me. i am a beginner and have no experience with sergers so i do not blame the machine at all. i am sure it is easy to use but i could not figure it out. i looked for a tutorial online because the instructional disc that came with the machine was not compatible with my computer. i watched the tutorial over and over again. i tried and tried. i thought i had it but never got it. after a week of trying, i just gave up and sent it back.

REVIEW 438: if you are not an experienced sewing machine operator, prepare yourself to be frustrated. the video is somewhat useful but it rushes through the settings and the booklet is totatlly worthless. besides...you will need a separate sewing machine for regular stitching, this one does not do any of the traditional stitches

REVIEW 439: this machine has saved my life. i am getting projects done i have not done in years. getting it threaded in the beginning was a task, but once i got it down it is easy.

REVIEW 440: this machine works as advertised. inexpensive, easy to learn, and versatile. it is better than other entry level serger machines i have used. if you want more than entry level performance spend more. if you want a good basic machine with versatility do not spend any more time hunting around.

REVIEW 441: i love this little serger, my old one was, well really old and a real problem when it came to threading it. but this brother  serger is a dream come true. i do a lot of sewing, mostly quilting and handbags and it works like a charm. plue the most important, it threads in a breeze. just follow the little arrows and in the correct order and off you go. i would recomend this to anyone who is looking for a new serger.

REVIEW 442: i love the machine have used it and it sews great, but one of the thread spool caps is missing  x, on the left thread, the spool of thread was lose in the box. please send it. margaret thank you.

REVIEW 443: i was very excited to finally get a serger and was more excited about all the rave reviews. when i got my serger, i followed directions and was able to use it fine and it was amazing. the next time i took it out of the box, it jammed and also broke off one of the two needles. everytime after that it continued to jam and break needles. i took it over to a friend who is an expert in these matters and she concluded that the needle was hitting the bottom part of the machine as it went down which was why the needle has continued to break off and not work at all. i will have to call brother and see what my options are, i might have just gotten a defective machine

REVIEW 444: i bought this serger   years ago and it still works great. i use it several times a week. keep it clean, and oil it regularly. i used it right out of the box, never having touched a serger before, using only the included instruction book to figure it out. great deal especially if you make a lot of clothing which i do, both personal use  to sell.

REVIEW 445: do not buy anything brother, i had this serger lee than  months and customer service have advised me to pay for servicing which is .... are you kidding me, bad service, bad machine absolutley terrible

REVIEW 446: upon receiving my d i was a bit reluctant to start using it as it looked rather complex. i have had it for about six months now and have enjoyed having it in my sewing area. it makes the finishing and seaming look flawless and is user friendly as far as i can tell. the fact that this machine came with three foot attachments was a huge plus for me. due to the fact that it is priced so well, you can find quite a few blogs that use it and will tell you the settings for the machine depending on what the project is. definitely a good purchase.

REVIEW 447: i purchased this serger and i love it i recommend watching the video to understand the basics of threading and serging. a bonus to buying a serger in a store is that you get free lessons, so when buying online you do not. i was able to pay a small amount to get a private lesson at a local sewing shop. which still came in way cheaper than buying a serger at a store. so far, so good

REVIEW 448: i looked at a lot of reviews before purchasing this and also did not want to spend a lot of money. this is my first serger and i am an intermediate sewer. i have to say it was easy to thread. it comes with cd rom tutorials, however all tutorials are available on you tube, which is easier for me. my only wish is that it made a more ruffled gather. i am very pleased with my purchase i made about a year ago. i have made several skirts, doll clothes, fixed seams, made baby bibs, dog beds, and mended many other clothes for our family of . i have not used any other serger, but i love this one and would purchase again.

REVIEW 449: all i can say is wow what an amazing machine. i have been considering a serger but had no clue how to use one at all. let me tell you, if you want one this is the one to get. i easily read the manual and had it threaded and sewing in no time. this is a great machine for the money and i would definatly recommend to all i have been sewing up a storm. thanks

REVIEW 450: over six months ago, my older serger finally died. i replaced it with this model and was very surprised by how easy it was to use and by the great price on it. while my older serger was all metal and a true workhorse, i was limited by many factors  the greatest being the impossibility of finding needles for it. this model uses all sizes of needles that a regular sewing machine uses. the new machine has exceeded my expectations and i was so pleased with it that i gave a second one as a christmas gift. there are also numerous videos on the web which demonstrate many of the things that can be constructed using this serger. it does so much more than just seam finishing

REVIEW 451: i sew for a living. i use this serger hours a day love the ruffling foot, easy to quickly change back and forth. i have another serger i use for rolled hems, so i do not have to remove needles... but i did try it out when i first got it and was beautiful as well. such a great value i suggest to everyone who asks me about a serger

REVIEW 452: because the videos are outdated and out of sequence, and the manual is difficult to follow for example there are sometimes more steps illustrated then described in the written steps, and the illustrated and written steps are often on different pages, it is hard to get up and running, especially if you have to rethread the machine i am on my th try. i had to look online for more helpful informationvideos and just ordered a book the complete serger handbook so i hope that helps. i have been sewing for many years and have never been so frustrated with a machine.

REVIEW 453: its another brother for my sewing room.....still learning what it can do......have figured out how to use the gather function and have used that for a christmas gift....really came out well......will continue to work with manual and machine until i know it better......had no problem learning how to thread it, which i feared......brother took care of that with their design....piece of cake.....even for an older person......